<!--#set var="title" value="Evolution: IRC Meeting (2005-05-04)" -->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer" -->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml" -->

<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed May  4 19:29:27 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:29:27 *Now talking on #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:29:29 *tml (~tml@MMCCCXLIII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:29:47 *rodrigo (~rodrigo@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:31:48 *surf (~surf@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:31:56 *guenther (~guenther@IP-213188108016.dialin.heagmedianet.de) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:32:26 *sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:32:32 NotZedwhat is poornima's email address?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:32:56 harishpnayak@novell.com</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:00 surfpnayak@novell.com</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:08 NotZedthanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:10 *rodo (~rodo@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:14 rodohola</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:15 rodrigoharish: are you going to log the meeting, or should I?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:18 *shaheed_ (~shaheed@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:29 *vivek (~vivek@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:37 harishrodrigo: yes, i can do that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:33:53 rodrigook</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:35:15 *roozbeh (~roozbeh@tameshk.bamdad.org) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:35:20 *nags_ (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:35:32 *shres (~shreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:35:45 jprone more minute</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:35:53 *seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-32-67.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:36:41 *gekker (~gekker@camus.provo.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:37:44 jprok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:37:59 jpri just wanted to introduce harish </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:38:15 jprwho you probably all know by now is the maintainer of evolution</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:38:26 jprfor head and shortly for stable</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:38:41 jprmost of you have probably seen harish in these meetings</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:38:51 jprbefore and know he's a good evo hacker</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:39:04 jprso without further ado, i'll turn the meeting over to harish to lead</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:39:28 NotZedin the dark</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:39:28 harishthanks jpr :-).  Hi all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:39:53 shreshey harish </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:39:57 surfhi :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:05 gekkervanakkam harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:11 haiphi</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:16 chenhi harish </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:17 dhm_homehi!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:19 harishhooo...gekker - where did you learn that ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:22 parthahi harish </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:38 nags_Hi all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:41 sushhey harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:43 gekkervaradhan taught me :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:46 nags_Today I get some time to demo LDTP + Evolution sanity test-scripts to jpr and also got some good feedback</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:46 andre_also "hi harish." ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:40:49 harishso...lets get started for the day's agenda ..and we have the light back :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:41:01 NotZeddawn of a new age?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:41:11 surf:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:41:12 rodrigo:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:41:46 harishso on the main agenda..- i hope all of you have been tracking the 2.4 task list</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:41:47 nags_thanks to NotZed, he gave me Xvfb idea to integrate with LDTP</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:41:49 harishon the wiki</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:42:01 harish<a href="http://go-evolution.org/TwoFourTaskList">http://go-evolution.org/TwoFourTaskList</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:42:32 *andre_ has quit (Remote closed the connection)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:42:33 harishi would like to gently invite you all to go through that again and add in your comments</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:43:15 harishand you would have also noticed those beautiful design documentations from jpr, rodrigo and shortly from </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:43:21 harishNotZed too, i guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:43:36 *andre_ (~y0020796@rzlx0002.rz.tu-bs.de) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:43:41 NotZedi put up some stuff on threading in mail at least</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:44:01 harishoh yes...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:44:44 harishThe CVS Head would be open for commits now ..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:45:09 harishthough the patch review mode would continue on the 2.2 branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:45:49 harishThe 2.2.x release shows about 4 showstoppers right now.. is that right nags_ ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:46:01 nags_harish: Yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:46:14 rodrigoharish: I just rescheduled all &lt; 2.2.x milestones bugs, so there might be more</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:46:38 rodrigonot sure if there were showstoppers though</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:47:23 harishoh.. ok. if any of how have issues to report that you feel must be fixed in 2.2.4 - kindly make sure..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:47:49 harishyou report the bug or bump up the criticality for existing ones.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:48:16 rodrigono bug report for it, but the migration patch that davE_largo reported needs to go to 2.2.4</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:48:21 parthaharish: since the head is open, is the ABI freeze removed. can structures be modified on head??</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:48:26 harishah..i almost forgot.. nags_ (Nagappan) would be our new Bug Master and the lead QA guy for evolution</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:48:49 nags_As of now 1 critical bug and 3 blockers in 2.2.x</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:48:55 harishpartha, no. we would continue to maintain the ABI compatibility in the 2.3 dev cycle</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:48:58 NotZedi think 273375 can be downgraded, it is only from one reporter and maybe one os anyway</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:49:00 nags_:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:49:32 parthaharish: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:49:54 *varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:49:55 nags_NotZed: I guess there are some similar bugs....</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:50:05 NotZedharish: really?  that may be difficult</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:50:13 *nags_ checking similar bugs in bgo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:50:46 harishNotZed, it is a tough ask.. but we would give it a try.. we may have to allow APIs to be extended (not modified though)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:51:03 NotZeddepends on what constitutes public apis</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:51:05 NotZedi guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:51:16 harishyes..mostly</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:51:58 parthait should hold good for structures that are not public/exposed.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:52:16 harishok.. lets go around the room and get the status. new guys can also a give brief intro and the new roles that they are taking up</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:52:25 parthastructures used internally can be modified can they??</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:52:29 harishfor the benefit of all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:52:45 harishpartha, after a good impact analysis :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:52:53 parthaAh!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:53:09 *fejj_ (~fejj@c-66-30-106-142.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:53:10 *andre_ has quit (Remote closed the connection)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:53:17 fejj_forgot about the meeting</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:53:31 harishjpr is on the top of the list :-) ..  a busy week full of meetings ?? ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:53:35 harishhi fejj_ </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:53:37 jprsome shell cleanups, writing architecture docs and giving talks on evolution here in india</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:54:09 jprthats about it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:54:13 jpr(many, many meetings)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:54:23 harishevo is going to miss you the most..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:54:27 *andre_ (~y0020796@rzlx0006.rz.tu-bs.de) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:54:37 harishhi andre_ </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:54:50 harishchen ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:55:05 *andre_ hates those X crashes on the university machines</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:55:11 chenharish, planning the features to be done fr 2.4 in calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:55:19 *Nat (~Nat_@c-24-34-186-89.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:55:33 harishhi Nat </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:55:48 chenharish, reviewed some patches, working with rodrigo and learning the calendar architecture </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:56:06 chenharish, thats all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:56:08 harishchen would also be taking up the responsibilities of being evo's build buddy :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:56:27 harishdhm_home ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:56:38 dhm_home<a href="http://live.gnome.org/Evolution_2fGConfTools">http://live.gnome.org/Evolution_2fGConfTools</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:56:39 chenyes :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:56:44 dhm_home<a href="http://live.gnome.org/Evolution_2fGConfLDAPBackend">http://live.gnome.org/Evolution_2fGConfLDAPBackend</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:57:13 dhm_homeplus I'll resend my printing i18n patch now that 2.3 is open</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:57:28 harishdhm_home, thanks.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:58:04 harishyes. we need to relook at all the patches that were held up and get them in asap</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:58:09 harishfejj_, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:58:34 fejj_yea?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:58:46 fejj_oh</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:58:48 fejj_heh</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:58:59 fejj_been working on trying to get gtk-doc in place for camel</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:59:07 fejj_turning out to be a bigger pita than expected</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:59:13 fejj_gtk-doc is god aweful</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:59:31 rodrigoyeah, /me has lots of problems to make it generate the templates</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:59:43 fejj_yea, and it wants to do a recursive scan</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 19:59:51 fejj_even tho for camel, that's not really desirable</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:00:26 fejj_also, it can't handle #ifdef's</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:00:38 jproh, it wants to scan the providers as well?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:00:41 fejj_yea</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:00:54 rodrigoif you don't tell to ignore the dirs, it does yeah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:00:59 fejj_and it also barfs on enum's that aren't typedef'd</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:01:00 *ganesh_ (~ganesh@220.226.20.35) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:01:12 harishhi ganesh_ </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:01:18 fejj_oh, I can tell it to ignore dirs? thought I had to specify files</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:01:30 ganesh_hi..there was not power at home..just logged in..How r things ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:01:42 harishwould you like to introduce yourself and about ur new role </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:01:49 rodohi ganesh_ </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:01:57 rodrigofejj_: I think if you put the dir names in IGNORE_HFILESit should work</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:01:59 ganesh_Hi rodo..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:00 fejj_anyways, huge pain</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:02 rodrigothat is, dir/*.h</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:07 rodrigoyeah, pain</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:11 fejj_rodrigo: ok, I'll try</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:15 fejj_oh</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:19 ganesh_I am going to maintain GTKHTMl taking over from rodo..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:24 fejj_wasn't sure the wildcard would work</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:41 rodrigofejj_: not sure, so try</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:55 harishguenther, have anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:02:57 roozbehhas libical changed maintainers also?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:03:12 fejj_the fact that it doesn't autogen the class tree sucks too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:03:18 fejj_I have to write that out manually</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:03:29 harishroozbeh, not really.. chen and I would continue to look at the calendar modules</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:03:43 guentherharish: I'm officially the Evo maintainer for GARNOME.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:03:46 NotZedfejj: you could query camel for it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:03:48 guentherNo news apart from that.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:03:54 harishguenther, :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:01 fejj_NotZed: what do you mean?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:12 harishhaip, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:19 NotZedinstantiate every object, then dump the class tree</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:23 nags_NotZed: Bug #273375 - Possible duplicate of bug# 272807 or</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:23 nags_<a href="http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=18830">http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=18830</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:31 haipnothing special, in holidays</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:42 harishhaip, oh yes..saw your mail</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:49 fejj_eh, I guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:04:51 haipok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:05:04 fejj_I already wrote out the class tree so it's not a huge deal</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:05:15 harishhaip: the gal patches would be  committed in after review</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:05:17 fejj_now I just need to write it out again in sgml format :\</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:05:28 haipharish, ok, thanks :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:05:42 NotZedok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:10 roozbehi also have a bug which i personally consider serious, because it bites people without them knowing: <a href="http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=301363">http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=301363</a> . this post from my blog should enlighten you: <a href="http://www.advogato.org/person/roozbeh/diary.html?start=23">http://www.advogato.org/person/roozbeh/diary.html?start=23</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:17 fejj_I'm honestly shocked that gtk-doc can't convert camel.hierarchy into class_tree.sgml</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:19 harishits my turn - i have mostly been attending talks by jpr and michael and understanding more about my responsibilities</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:22 fejj_on its own</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:29 nags_harish: may be I need to talk to guenther to integrate Evolution sanity test-scripts with build system ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:37 fejj_especially since gtk-doc is what wants both those files</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:42 jprnags_: gekker </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:42 NotZednags: i dont think so</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:49 nags_jpr: okay</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:06:49 *fejj_ boggles at the shittiness of gtk-doc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:07:10 harishNotZed, you want to add a bit about last week ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:07:11 *rodrigo shares the pain with fejj_ </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:07:22 NotZedmy status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:07:24 NotZedreport</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:07:51 harishyes pl. :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:07:53 NotZedsome talks/discussions: camel overview, mail threading, and overall evolution mail overview</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:07:59 NotZedimplemented a profiling hook and plugin for profiling interactive tasks, and some small tools to visualise the data with some test profiling points.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:08:00 fejj_rodrigo: it's like calling autobuild...auto</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:08:01 fejj_:p</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:08:03 *ghj (~ghj@202-63-162-234.exatt.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:08:06 NotZedlooked into remote mail api/sending.  basic api started, but not working.  bonobo-activation issue - will probably write ior to disk.  going to implement it as a plugin to start with</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:08:10 NotZedlots of small discussions about specific problems, like offline mode, various design issues, future ideas, etc.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:08:24 harishNotZed, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:08:43 harishpartha, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:09:08 parthafixed a few issue with the groupwise provider</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:09:26 harishnice.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:09:30 NotZedoh and various discussions on mailing lists, reviewing patches/etc/ as usual</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:09:41 harishrodo,</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:09:43 parthahad a few discussion-sessions with michael regarding camel and other mailer aspects </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:09:59 parthanothing much apart from that.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:10:18 harishrodrigo, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:10:25 rodospent most of time talking with ganesh about gtkhtml design, fixed few more memory leaks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:10:40 rodrigobeen writing API docs, trying to get gtk-doc to work with the new ones</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:10:41 rodotrying to fix some evo's usage of low level apis</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:10:50 rodrigowrote design docs of calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:10:58 rodomeetings, patch review, ...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:11:19 rodrigostarted list of tasks for 2.6 calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:11:28 harishrodo, we are also trying to do cut down on the public apis on gtkhtml , right ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:11:29 rodrigoand reviewed patches</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:11:43 rodoah, and also writting architecture doc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:11:58 rodoharish: yes, that's part of it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:12:18 harishrodrigo, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:12:34 harishroozbeh, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:12:45 roozbehok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:13:00 roozbehthe thing is that i am playing with timezone data, taking the legacy from damon,</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:13:24 roozbehand that we should either break Outlook 2000 compatiblity, or provide very bad data.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:13:43 roozbehi can't decide what to do, and we can't have both.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:14:03 roozbeh<a href="http://www.advogato.org/person/roozbeh/diary.html?start=23">http://www.advogato.org/person/roozbeh/diary.html?start=23</a> should be enlightening.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:14:22 harishyes.. i noticed the conversation on #evolution too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:14:22 rodrigoroozbeh: btw, maybe you want to add something to <a href="http://go-evolution.org/Evo_Future#Simplified_date_management">http://go-evolution.org/Evo_Future#Simplified_date_management</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:14:30 roozbehit has bitten me personally two times.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:14:54 roozbehthis is the bug: <a href="http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=301363">http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=301363</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:15:26 harishroozbeh, maybe we should discuss this right after the meeting, along with surf perhaps</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:15:38 roozbehharish: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:15:44 harishseb128, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:16:11 seb128not really</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:16:20 harishok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:16:24 harishshaheed_, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:16:28 seb128I've started to package 2.3 for ubuntu but I'm stuck with gal2.6 which contains libgal2.4</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:16:35 shaheed_hi all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:16:47 shaheed_i am one of the QA team member from india</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:16:49 rodrigoseb128: this should be fixed now in HEAD and 2.2 branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:16:58 harishseb128, i committed the fix a few hours ago</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:08 seb128k, waiting for the next tarball, there is no hurry</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:13 seb128thanks guys</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:14 harishon the HEAD</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:17 jprrodrigo: 2.2 branch?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:27 rodoseb128: do you also make ubuntu packages for ppc?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:31 rodrigognome-2-10-branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:36 rodrigodidn't harish commit it there too?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:44 jprwhy did i need fixing there?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:47 harishrodrigo, no</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:51 rodrigoright, sorry</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:17:56 shaheed_harish: i am writing test cases for mailer component and also automating them using LDTP</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:18:03 seb128rodo: I make my package on i386, the build machines do amd64/ppc/...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:18:05 seb128why ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:18:26 rodoseb128: just wonder if there will be 2.3 packages for me :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:18:27 harishshaheed_, some of us watched a demo of your work too.. nice</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:18:35 harishshres, ? </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:18:37 shaheed_harish: thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:19:00 seb128rodo: right, ppc packages for everything :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:19:01 nags_LDTP - <a href="http://gnomebangalore.org/ldtp">http://gnomebangalore.org/ldtp</a> (GNU/Linux Desktop Testing Project)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:19:06 shaheed_and also modifying the recording feature</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:19:15 rodoseb128: cool!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:19:20 harishshres joins partha and sankar on the mailer </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:19:29 shreshey guys, My name is shreyas i will be working on Mailer and the Mac Build. I come from the rough neighbourhoods of OOo into evolution ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:19:35 shaheed_to record test scripts in pyldtp format which was originally written by nags_</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:19:55 harishcool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:20:00 shresharish: I got some initial work done on the MAC OSX build much thanks to hpj for the nice tutorial</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:20:19 harishand some hard disk upgrades too, i guess. surf ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:20:28 rodoshres: rough neighbourhood, interesting ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:20:55 shresharish: also got down to narrowing down a few offline issues with help from NotZed and hopefully a nice patch should be on its way soon </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:21:14 surfcreated a branch to move exchange server communicating code to eds, working on making authentication possible from all components for exchange, attending some arch talks, some more meetings with new team , sp and varadhan</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:21:16 harishshres, great..and welcome to evolution</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:21:23 shresharish: thanks </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:21:34 harishthanks, surf</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:21:37 harishsush, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:21:43 sushFixed some address book bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:21:48 sushSpent some time on Exchange GAL query issue.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:21:58 sushupdated wiki with address book features for 2.4..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:22:08 sushwill be putting up address book design docs soon.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:22:12 *bandini (~Arturo@nat.xsec.it) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:22:13 harishcool.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:22:17 shresrodo: heh, oh well the age old saying goes "when the going gets tough the tough get going" ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:22:45 rodo:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:22:53 harishbtw, sush who had been working on the exchange connector for more than a year now would be hacking on the </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:23:28 harish..address book along with Srinivasa Raghavan (srag) who also is from OO</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:23:39 harishhi tml</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:23:47 harishany updates for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:23:52 tmlyes, been looking at e-d-s, doing basic win32 portability work in it. also some bug fixes and enhancements in gtk+/pango/glib on win32 </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:24:38 harishgreat. do you have anything pending on gal ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:24:50 tmlnot really at the moment</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:24:58 *pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:25:08 tmlbut stuff no doubt come up later</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:25:43 harishtml : ok. gal on cvs is likely to be closed for commits as part of its movement into evolution</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:26:00 harishi would request kaushal to keep  you posted on his plans</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:26:09 tmlok. what's the history of it, btw?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:26:30 tmlhas is originally been separate, or was it first part of evo, then split out, and now going back?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:26:53 harishtml, kind of. is that right, jpr ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:27:07 jpri'm not sure where etable came from</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:27:12 jprbut it was dumped in there</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:27:17 ganesh_harish, rodo, I will have to sign-off now..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:27:20 jpralong with some stuff common to gnumeric</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:27:23 harishuneumann, ??</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:27:32 jpr(gnumeric no longer uses it)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:27:48 harishvaradhan, ??</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:27:51 NotZedi thought it was mostly always separate</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:28:13 NotZedhmm, etable ... maybe since we're going to root up the ui we could through gtktreeview at it too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:28:21 varadhanHi All.  I am Varadhan and will be handling evo-conduits</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:28:22 uneumannHi harish.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:28:30 uneumannI'm new here :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:28:36 harishuneumann, welcome</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:28:52 harishvivek, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:28:52 varadhanI am coming from Beagle. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:29:27 varadhanas for the status, well... attended evo talks/presentations by jpr.  </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:29:28 vivekidentified "common" user actions and collected some profiling data for the time taken by each of them, put some of them on wiki, had started with putting GTimer, and now using NotZed's plugin to get the data for mailer related actions (pretty helpful)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:30:11 vivekstill have to update wiki with the more data</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:30:14 harishthanks vivek </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:30:22 gekkerevolution was updated to 2.0.4 for BETA3 of NLD9-SP2, so for anyone testing, watch for that in the May 13 build</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:30:31 gekkersince you skipped me earlier ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:30:40 NotZedvivek: the plugin can be used in all components, any profiling stuff you do can then be patched into the tree too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:30:41 varadhanand attended a nice-detailed-code-walk-through by jpr on gnome-pilot and evo-conduits.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:30:43 harishgekker, oh sorry ! thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:31:12 rodogekker: 2.0.4? not 2.2.x?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:31:13 vivekNotZed, yea i am planning to do that, just that started with mailer :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:31:34 harishi also had two other agenda items - the first on a rethink about our patch review process</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:31:34 gekkerrodo: yes 2.0.4</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:31:35 jprrodo: correct 2.0.4</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:31:37 dhm_homevaradhan, jpr: any notes on this postable publically?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:31:53 rodook</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:31:57 varadhandhm_home: gnome-pilot or evo-conduits?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:32:02 NotZedgood-o :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:32:06 nags_gekker: yes we are testing it in Bangalore</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:32:07 dhm_home(gnome-pilot/conduits that is)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:32:21 nags_NLD-SP2, Beta3</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:32:43 harishjpr has suggested that we deprecate e-p and align to the gnome bugzilla way</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:32:53 gekkernags_: let me know if there are any problems, take a quick look at the apps that consume e-d-s to make sure that works if you can</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:03 jprnot just for the sake of doing it the gnome way</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:14 nags_gekker: Ya sure</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:15 jprbut we have a tendency to "lose" patches in the mailing list</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:24 jprits also easier for downstream packagers</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:28 jprto release updates</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:37 NotZedand easier for contributors</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:38 jprif the patch is on the bug</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:40 jpryes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:44 harishyes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:55 jprmy main concern is visibility of the patches</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:33:57 jprfor review</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:06 varadhandhm_home: I don't think anything is *readily* available. ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:07 jprbut there are some  b.g.o reports related to patches</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:09 rodrigoyeah, some patches would be lost</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:18 jprso those might help</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:20 rodomight be good to have page summarizing patches as we had for milestones</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:34 guentherjpr: I'm concerned about noticing the relevant patches, too.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:40 jprthey should have the PATCH keyword</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:45 dhm_homevaradhan: <a href="http://live.gnome.org/GnomePanel">http://live.gnome.org/GnomePanel</a> is all I know about</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:34:46 jpras per usual</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:00 *varadhan checks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:12 guentherwell, monitoring a mailing list vs. monitoring a whole bugzilla... ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:28 jpri don't think its much harder</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:30 andre_almost all patches that were posted to *bugzilla* should have patch keyword enabled</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:38 surfthe concerned maintainers would be notified by mails .. so thats a good thing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:41 harishbugzilla makes it easier to query unreviewed patches better though</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:42 NotZedjpr: not according to the keyword help page</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:45 dhm_homevaradhan: oops, wrong link. sorry.  shpuld have been <a href="http://live.gnome.org/GnomePilot">http://live.gnome.org/GnomePilot</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:35:56 jprNotZed: no?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:36:03 varadhandhm_home: no probs.. ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:36:04 nags_jpr: but patch keyword in description page is something like this...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:36:06 nags_jpr: This keyword is deprecated and will be removed at a future date. It is also useless since many patches do not have this keyword set at all. Patches should now be found by querying bugzilla for attachment statuses.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:36:19 jprwell, there you go :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:36:25 jprthere is still a way to do it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:36:31 jprwe don't have to change right away, but i think it should definitely be considered</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:36:46 nags_okay</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:37:23 varadhandhm_home: hmm.. that gives the Headlines ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:37:33 pvanhoofperhaps some guidelines on the wiki about sending patches?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:37:33 harishthat also reminds us to relook at patches pending for reviews and clearing off the backlog</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:37:51 jprpvanhoof: they are on the existing site</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:37:51 NotZedit is going to be painful because bgo is so much slower than reading mails, and you must be online to do it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:38:04 jprgood point</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:38:06 rodrigoyeah, that's another problem I see</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:38:41 jprmaybe we should discuss on e-h</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:39:07 harishyes. i suggest we thrash this out on e-h or the wiki </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:39:16 *ganesh_ has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:39:34 harishand gather more views on this</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:40:11 harishThe second point I wanted to discuss was about a rethink on the timing of this meeting..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:40:25 *guenther definitely prefers mailing lists over wikis</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:40:39 nags_jpr: maybe one of us in QA team can collect the patches in bgo and sent them to hackers mailing list ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:40:50 NotZedguenther: well it was bugzilla over mailing list (patch)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:40:51 harishevery week - so as to make it comfortable for most of the attendees.. i invite suggestions on this </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:41:02 rodrigo10 am india time :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:41:04 pvanhoof(about timing for this meeting: for me personally it's a difficult timing because at this hour I'm doing my professional tasks: non free time. Not impossible)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:41:20 guentherNotZed: for discussing the e-p deprecation</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:41:32 NotZedguenther: oh yeah, agreed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:41:45 ghjharish, I was the one t post to you regarding the timing, against my inital request, after I recalculated I am comfertable with this time.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:42:31 andre_nags_: as already said, i've put the "patch" keyword on nearly every patch attached in bugzilla about two months ago, shouldn't be too hard</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:42:45 nags_andre_: Okay</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:42:52 harisharound 1500 india time makes it easier on Australia, India and Europe , i guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:43:15 jpr(its 8:45pm in india right now)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:44:07 harishjpr, yes..and it shows.. none of the guys in india have spoken so far on this ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:44:17 nags_:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:44:36 haipit is 11:15 pm in China :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:44:38 NotZedwhat about 13:30 indian time?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:44:39 varadhananything after 2:00 PM India time is good.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:44:41 rodrigoharish: because they're hungry now, and want to go for dinner :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:45:01 ghjharish, Coming from Onward Novell, development for Evolution is a personal hobby, it will be difficult for non-IDC members to attend the meet.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:45:06 jprnorth america is the issue for either</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:45:30 surfyeah 13:30 to 15:00 sometime seems to be a good time</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:45:32 harishhaip, 3pm India should be late evening in China - i guess </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:45:35 harishis that good time</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:45:48 haipI guess it is 6pm, it is ok for me.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:45:49 ghjcurrent timing is good for me, since I am either working in office or at home. Both places I can attend the meet.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:46:07 tmlfine with me</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:46:49 jprmmm</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:46:50 jprbeer</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:46:51 harishjpr, almost any of these times is difficult for ppl on NA</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:46:54 ghjif everyone is fine with 1500 hrs IST (India Standard Time) I can live with it.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:46:56 jpryep</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:47:03 NotZedi suppose 6:30 is ok, i'd rather earlier.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:47:18 chenwould like it to be at 1500</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:47:26 dhm_homewould 1500 IST be 5am EST  ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:47:27 NotZed6:30 'home time'</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:47:42 partha13:30 - 14:00 IST sounds good enough</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:47:51 jprdhm_home: 5:30am</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:47:55 jprEDT</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:47:59 tmlwhat's that in UTC?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:48:12 rodrigotml: now -5 hours</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:48:21 harishdhm_home, 1500 IST would be 0930 GMT</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:48:34 rodrigoright, 5.30</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:48:52 harishIST is UTC +0530  (and no daylight savings corrections ever)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:48:52 dhm_homeso 5.30am Eastern time in uSA</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:48:54 Nat930 GMT is 3:30am in EST?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:49:01 Natoh 5:30am EST?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:49:06 jpryes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:49:07 Natgood god</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:49:45 jpras noted, pick a good time for NA, europe, india, china, and .au :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:49:45 andre_Nat: move to europe ;-p</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:49:53 jprwe're listening :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:50:33 *dhm_home adds "work on time machine" to <a href="http://go-evolution.org/TwoFourTaskList">http://go-evolution.org/TwoFourTaskList</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:51:12 harishok...prolly this too can go on to the e-h list now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:51:21 guentherone timezone all over the world would be so much easier...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:51:22 tmldhm_home: there is already a bug open for that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:51:31 harishits been a very long meeting today :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:51:35 roozbehjpr: well, it's easy to pick a good time to meet those zones, the problem is making sure every hacker is up at the time general public is awake at the time ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:51:56 NotZedits not really easy to pick a good time</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:52:42 harishthank you guys.. see you next week and hopefully we have concurred on the timing then</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:52:44 tmldhm_home: #171940</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:52:49 harishthanks all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:00 parthayea.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:05 nags_bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:07 tmlbye all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:07 ghjthanks harish. Bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:18 harishbye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:25 rodobye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:27 shaheed_bye all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:31 jprbye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:31 *fejj_ (~fejj@c-66-30-106-142.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:32 *jpr (~jpr@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:34 surfbye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:34 chenbye all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:37 uneumannbye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:39 *nags_ (~nags@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:40 *surf (~surf@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:43 dhm_hometml: thanks!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:49 *andre_ (~y0020796@rzlx0006.rz.tu-bs.de) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:51 *shaheed_ (~shaheed@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:53:53 *sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:01 *rodrigo (~rodrigo@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:04 *rodo (~rodo@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:11 *haip (~haip@221.217.24.152) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:15 *tml (~tml@MMCCCXLIII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:18 *uneumann (~uli@213.83.32.16) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:19 *ghj has quit (Leaving)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:30 *chen is now known as chen_home</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:34 *dhm_home (~david@c-66-30-211-145.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:37 shresBye people</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:54:40 *shres (~shreyas@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:55:24 *gekker (~gekker@camus.provo.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:55:48 *NotZed (~notzed@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:56:29 *guenther (~guenther@IP-213188108016.dialin.heagmedianet.de) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:56:37 *seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-32-67.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 20:58:05 *partha (~partha@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 21:00:55 varadhanBye every1</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 21:01:05 *varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 04 21:01:06 *You are now known as harish_home</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 05 08:39:55 *Nat (~Nat_@c-24-34-186-89.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 05 08:40:01 *Disconnected (Connection reset by peer).</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu May  5 08:40:01 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu May  5 08:40:55 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 05 08:40:55 *Now talking on #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 05 09:35:45 *You are now known as harish</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!

<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->