<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
	<title>2005-05-18.txt</title>
	<meta name="generator" content="irclog2html.pl 2.1 by Jeff Waugh">
	<meta name="version" content="2.1 - 27th July, 2001">
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff"><tt>
<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed May 18 15:33:03 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:33:22 --&gt;sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:33:26 &lt;harish&gt;lets wait for one more minute before we start</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:34:57 &lt;harish&gt;lets begin then..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:35:02 --&gt;rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:35:29 &lt;NotZed&gt;*burp*</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:35:48 &lt;harish&gt;For updates from my side - i just released the tarballs for the evo 2.3.2 release along with the corresponding versions for..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:35:59 &lt;harish&gt;eds and gal </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:36:27 &lt;harish&gt;The two major 'features?' in this release are the menu layout changes and</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:36:47 &lt;harish&gt;the plugins (mono and profiler)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:37:18 &lt;harish&gt;along with all the i18n fixes we did during the hackfest</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:38:01 &lt;NotZed&gt;the mono plugin engine isn't new</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:38:39 &lt;harish&gt;The other thing that i wanted to share is about the revival of bug days</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:39:10 &lt;harish&gt;NotZed, oh right..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:39:40 &lt;harish&gt;nags: would you like to give a brief about the same</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:39:52 &lt;nags&gt;Ya</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:39:59 &lt;nags&gt;Total unconfirmed bugs - 322</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:40:04 --&gt;andre (~andre@81.209.204.128) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:40:12 &lt;nags&gt;and the perday, we are getting approx 20 bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:40:22 &lt;nags&gt;and I'm able to clear most of them</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:40:31 &lt;nags&gt;but there are some backlogs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:41:02 &lt;nags&gt;let us clean-up the unconfirmed bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:41:09 --&gt;sp (~shakti@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:41:26 &lt;nags&gt;Planed for a bug day Tuesday (24-May-2005)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:42:11 &lt;nags&gt;Let me generate the query and post in go-evolution.org and let us all work on that...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:42:16 &lt;nags&gt;thanks guys</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:42:36 &lt;harish&gt;NotZed, i was referring to the Camel/Evolution.cs additions..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:43:04 &lt;NotZed&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:43:04 &lt;harish&gt;nags, you can mail to e-h detailing your expectations..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:43:26 &lt;harish&gt;andre: do you have anything for us this week ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:43:31 &lt;nags&gt;okay, thanks harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:43:52 &lt;andre&gt;no, nothing special</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:44:15 &lt;harish&gt;chen , ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:44:17 &lt;chen&gt;harish, reviewed some patches, started the work for delegate support in calendars</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:44:25 &lt;chen&gt;harish, list moderation</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:44:33 &lt;chen&gt;harish, was working with build buddy to add channels for suse 93,  still no luck</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:44:37 &lt;harish&gt;this would be for GW, Exchange and the file backend right ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:44:57 &lt;chen&gt;harish, this would be for groupwise/file backends</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:45:10 &lt;harish&gt;oh.. ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:45:13 &lt;harish&gt;thanks chen</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:45:17 &lt;harish&gt;haip ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:45:18 &lt;chen&gt;harish, am not sure with exchange</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:45:35 &lt;haip&gt;harish: still the GAL patch. How is it going?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:45:46 haip harish May 18 15:46:04 &lt;harish&gt;haip : ksh is wrapping it up this week , i guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:46:13 &lt;haip&gt;ok, I willl wait</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:46:25 &lt;haip&gt;no other things here.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:46:31 &lt;harish&gt;thanks haip</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:46:35 &lt;nags&gt;haip: Aginesh is testing your patch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:46:47 &lt;haip&gt;nags: thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:47:02 &lt;haip&gt;nags: through LDTP?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:47:14 &lt;harish&gt;NotZed, updates for us and may be a little about the eplugin hackfest we are planning tomorrow</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:47:19 &lt;nags&gt;haip: No... :) Using GOK</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:47:32 &lt;haip&gt;nags: ok, that works too.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:47:35 &lt;NotZed&gt;well i did some work on an eplugin talk, that took a while</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:47:41 &lt;nags&gt;haip: cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:47:54 &lt;NotZed&gt;i was working a little on a remote-mail access plugin last week; a corba interface to email</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:48:04 &lt;rodrigo&gt;cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:48:14 &lt;NotZed&gt;and i did some work on the importer plugin hooks, but the design is still messy</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:48:24 --&gt;mnagashree (~mnagashre@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:48:29 --&gt;shilpa_qa (~shilpa_qa@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:48:31 --&gt;pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:48:32 &lt;NotZed&gt;also did some work on the mono bindings to camel and the plugin system, its in cvs although doesn't build/etc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:48:34 &lt;krish_&gt;nags:  So, is he able to reproduce the issue first ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:48:49 &lt;NotZed&gt;also did some work on external plugin building, mail plugins can be done externally now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:49:12 &lt;NotZed&gt;the hackfest, nothing really beyond the posts to the list, e.g. i did a tnef plugin today as a demo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:49:20 &lt;nags&gt;krish_: He is working on it, now...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:49:22 &lt;harish&gt;NotZed : wow.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:49:35 &lt;nags&gt;krish_: will update you in another 30 minutes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:49:45 &lt;krish_&gt;nags:  sure, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:49:56 &lt;harish&gt;we could also poll the bugzilla with the eplugin keyword for ideas , right ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:50:03 &lt;NotZed&gt;thats about all i can remember</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:50:22 &lt;NotZed&gt;yeah, i asked about that on th elists, some of the guys have updated the keywords a bit</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:50:50 &lt;NotZed&gt;not all of those with the keyword can/should be plugins though, so it is only rough</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:51:05 &lt;harish&gt;ok. guys.. do post on e-h if you have some cool ideas that we can take up tomorrow on the hackfest</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:51:19 &lt;harish&gt;Thanks NotZed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:51:25 &lt;harish&gt;partha ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:51:27 &lt;krish_&gt;harish:  Surf has some for exchange I guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:51:44 &lt;partha&gt;harish: i committed a few patches on the stable branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:51:54 &lt;krish_&gt;harish:  You can ping him after this meeting to understand more...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:51:55 &lt;krish_&gt;.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:52:00 &lt;harish&gt;krish_, sure</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:52:03 &lt;partha&gt;harish: currently working on the junk mail issue for GW.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:52:15 &lt;harish&gt;maybe he could post it to e-h as well</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:52:20 &lt;partha&gt;harish: thats about it for last week.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:52:35 &lt;harish&gt;cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:52:40 &lt;harish&gt;ganesh ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:52:47 &lt;ganesh&gt;released gtkhtml 3.7.1 (with bug fixes), did bug triaging and got rid of several pendng bugs, commted a fix and have fix for 3 more crashes would commit this week after review.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:53:05 &lt;ganesh&gt;also wrote some testcases for inline objects editing..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:53:08 &lt;ganesh&gt;thats all..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:53:18 &lt;harish&gt;and we are also initiating some triaging work on gtkhtml ,right ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:53:38 &lt;harish&gt;thx</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:53:39 &lt;ganesh&gt;yeah it going on..two testers are doing that..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:53:42 &lt;harish&gt;pnayak, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:53:46 &lt;pnayak&gt;Wrote few 'Interoperability' testcases, started with 'Groupwise client' -&gt;'Evolution client', reproduced a critical bug, (unfortunatly .. :)) happens in Debian only, traiged 'Calendar' &amp; few my connector bugs bugs </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:54:09 &lt;nags&gt;krish_: Aginesh, able to reproduce the bug. I guess he will contact ksh for the patch to update on the test-box</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:54:13 &lt;harish&gt;thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:54:19 &lt;krish_&gt;nags:  excellent</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:54:21 &lt;pnayak&gt;that's all i remember</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:54:22 &lt;harish&gt;rodrigo, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:54:38 &lt;rodrigo&gt;design docs and API docs, which are now published in the website</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:55:00 &lt;rodrigo&gt;some patch review, and sent my patches for VJOURNAL support</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:55:01 &lt;--partha has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:55:07 &lt;harish&gt;yeah :) and the vjournal stuff too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:55:20 &lt;rodrigo&gt;which I'll continue working on on my free time</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:55:28 &lt;harish&gt;sure.. thanks :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:55:36 &lt;harish&gt;sankar, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:55:55 &lt;sankar&gt;harish: Discussed with srini, the ui for proxy and</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:56:20 &lt;harish&gt;thx.. shilpa_qa ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:56:21 &lt;sankar&gt;have sent a mail to Tim Draper oin the list of bugs, API Reqmts</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:56:27 &lt;shilpa_qa&gt;did sanity testing for NLD SP2 Beta4 release, triaged a few bugs, wrote test cases for the mailer component and filed a few bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:56:52 &lt;harish&gt;cool.. thanks. shres ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:57:01 &lt;sankar&gt;harish: Made a patch for #237844 also</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:57:17 &lt;harish&gt;sp ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:57:31 &lt;sp&gt;harish: Removed the EvolutionWizard dependency in exchange to fix the build error.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:57:46 &lt;sp&gt;looking into exchange account setup code</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:57:54 &lt;harish&gt;ah.. yes they were removed in evo earlier</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:58:01 &lt;shres&gt;I closed/fixed all the Imap4/ Groupwise offline issues. Progressed more on the mac build and also started hacking on groupwise proxy support. Also have a couple of fixes for camel which i need to commit</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:58:23 shilpa_qa shres May 18 15:58:42 --&gt;nicel (~mnicel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:58:46 &lt;harish&gt;shres, great..i guess some bugzilla updation needs to be done though ..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:58:57 &lt;harish&gt;srag, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:59:09 &lt;srag&gt;yep harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:59:16 &lt;shres&gt;harish: nope, i did close the offline issues which were fixed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:59:39 &lt;srag&gt;harish, removed the expander for the attachment ui</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 15:59:57 &lt;srag&gt;harish, closed few bugs during the hackfest.. i guess 3</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:00:07 &lt;harish&gt;any progress on the usability review for your search changes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:00:08 --&gt;partha (~partha@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:00:16 &lt;srag&gt;harish, then im currently working on the GW SAB offline syncing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:00:34 &lt;srag&gt;harish, nope.. i couldnt get a reply from anna</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:00:44 &lt;srag&gt;harish, what shall i do on this case</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:03 &lt;srag&gt;harish, prolly i can mail her again ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:05 &lt;harish&gt;srag, we have a meeting later today - pl. bring up the GW SAB Deltas issue ..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:10 --&gt;rocky (~praveen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:22 &lt;krish_&gt;srag:  Did you try pinging her on #chrome ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:22 &lt;ganesh&gt;srag, any impact on gtkhtml on your work on removing the attachment UI expander ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:25 &lt;srag&gt;harish, mailed tim about that and also re-opened the bug</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:41 &lt;srag&gt;ganesh, NULL :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:45 &lt;harish&gt;srag, we could prolly ping again or get the stuff committed..guess dobey is on a vacation</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:52 &lt;srag&gt;ganesh, its totally seperate.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:01:53 &lt;ganesh&gt;srag, thanks..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:02 &lt;ganesh&gt;sweet...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:08 &lt;srag&gt;harish, i go with the second option</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:10 &lt;harish&gt;surf, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:14 &lt;surf&gt;2.3.2 release, patch reviews, more meetings and talks, exchange ui design finalization</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:27 &lt;surf&gt;guess ,, thats all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:27 &lt;harish&gt;:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:32 &lt;harish&gt;thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:35 &lt;harish&gt;tml ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:39 &lt;tml&gt;been looking into camel, wondering what to do about certain serious issues</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:46 &lt;tml&gt;mainly the fact that file descriptors and sockets are quite different on win32</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:02:53 &lt;tml&gt;you can't select() a file descriptor, you can't read() a socket</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:03:01 &lt;tml&gt;camel mixes them quite freely (the camel-stream-fs stuff)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:03:10 &lt;tml&gt;even pondering a bit whether to write an own partial c library/wrapper/whatever that would cover the differences</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:03:50 &lt;harish&gt;tml, hmm..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:04:05 --&gt;scott_ (~scott@CPE-60-229-190-6.nsw.bigpond.net.au) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:04:09 &lt;NotZed&gt;oh dear, that sounds difficult</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:04:15 &lt;NotZed&gt;are you saying the windows posix laye rdoesn't work?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:04:58 --&gt;tml_ (~tml@CDIV.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:05:06 &lt;tml_&gt;oops, sorry, did you get that?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:05:27 &lt;NotZed&gt;are you saying the posix layer doesn't work on windows?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:05:33 &lt;NotZed&gt;thats rather problematic</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:05:38 &lt;tml_&gt;well, windows isn't posix</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:05:53 &lt;tml_&gt;the microsoft c library has open()/close()/read()/write()</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:05:56 &lt;NotZed&gt;unfortunately, evolution relies on it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:05:59 &lt;harish&gt;uneumann, your patches (leak fixes) are part of today's release</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:06:07 &lt;tml_&gt;and then there is winsock that implements the bsd socket API</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:06:17 &lt;harish&gt;viren, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:06:25 &lt;tml_&gt;but they don't really know about each others</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:06:31 &lt;uneumann&gt;Nice. I'm the "greenhorn" here :-). Currenlty I'm looking at bug 214645 to learn more about hacking Evo.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:06:51 &lt;viren&gt;working on a bug in GAL,fixed bug #271541 in calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:06:52 --&gt;tml__ (~tml@CDIV.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:07:05 &lt;--scott_ (~scott@CPE-60-229-190-6.nsw.bigpond.net.au) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:07:07 &lt;tml_&gt;is it really necessary to have cancellable i/o to/from regular files?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:07:11 &lt;NotZed&gt;might have to create windows specific streams, we can't make a pigs breakfast of the code just for the sake of incompatability</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:07:22 &lt;harish&gt;vivek, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:07:31 &lt;vivek&gt;inserted some profiling points in addressbook and calendar components (need to get approval before i commit them) collected some data put on wiki..hackfest:fixed some bugs, started off with the gw-plugins consolidation stuff</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:07:45 &lt;harish&gt;uneumann, interesting bug</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:07:51 &lt;harish&gt;thanks vivek</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:07:59 &lt;harish&gt;did i miss anyone ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:08:07 &lt;uneumann&gt;Needs some thinking.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:08:19 &lt;surf&gt;harish, rocky is our new member :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:08:34 &lt;harish&gt;hi rocky</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:08:37 &lt;--tml__ has quit (Leaving)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:08:39 &lt;rocky&gt;Hello</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:08:43 &lt;harish&gt;hows been the first week in evo ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:09:03 &lt;rocky&gt;It is interesting.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:09:10 &lt;rocky&gt;I will be working on the connector</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:09:19 &lt;harish&gt;cool. Is there anything else that somebody wants to discuss</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:09:33 &lt;rocky&gt;To start with I am reading the architure of evo and connector, looking at some bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:10:25 &lt;harish&gt;that is it then, i guess for today.. Thanks all. See you at the hackfest tomorrow !!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:10:36 &lt;tml_&gt;notzed: that's why i have given some thought to writing a wrapper library that would unify sockets and file descriptors and make them more posixlike</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:10:38 &lt;--sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>May 18 16:10:41 &lt;nags&gt;bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>M</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!
</tt></body></html>