<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
	<title>2005-06-15.txt</title>
	<meta name="generator" content="irclog2html.pl 2.1 by Jeff Waugh">
	<meta name="version" content="2.1 - 27th July, 2001">
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff"><tt>
<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:32:50 &lt;harish&gt;one more minute.. and lets get started</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:33:56 &lt;harish&gt;lets get rolling !!!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:34:30 &lt;harish&gt;andre : i would be committing the X-GNOME-Bugzilla patch shortly after the meeting</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:34:35 &lt;--rocky has quit (Quitting IRC)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:34:50 &lt;andre&gt;harish: ok :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:34:55 &lt;harish&gt;do you have anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:35:13 &lt;andre&gt;nothing patricular, continued triaging bugs with target milestones &lt;2.2; began destroying UI component</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:35:23 &lt;andre&gt;and we should really decide on all those patches in bugzilla before string freeze takes place :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:35:36 &lt;andre&gt;that's all :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:35:42 --&gt;nags_ (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:35:58 &lt;harish&gt;i plan to send a call on e-h for people about their uncommitted patches..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:35:59 --&gt;HiddenWolf (~HiddenWol@213-73-250-180.cable.quicknet.nl) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:36:17 &lt;harish&gt;that would atleast help in prioritizing the heap that is on our hands now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:36:25 --&gt;chen (~chen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:36:44 --&gt;rocky (~praveen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:36:52 &lt;harish&gt;andre : nags has an update on the bug days, i hope . thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:36:58 &lt;harish&gt;chen, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:37:05 &lt;nags_&gt;harish: Ya</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:37:16 &lt;nags_&gt;On last Friday we conducted bug day</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:37:28 &lt;nags_&gt;agenda - cleanup unconfirmed bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:37:38 &lt;chen&gt;harish, was working on calendar delegation and some bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:37:50 &lt;nags_&gt;approx 70 bugs has been triaged by team members</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:38:06 &lt;harish&gt;thanks, chen and nags_ </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:38:23 &lt;nags_&gt;still 335 unconfirmed bugs pending, working on that, planing to conduct one more bug day :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:38:28 &lt;harish&gt;i just noticed the figure grew quite a bit last week on bugzilla</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:38:35 ---rocky is now known as r0key</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:38:43 &lt;nags_&gt;harish: Ya</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:38:48 &lt;harish&gt;nags_, only this time - i want it on the irc with the community :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:39:04 &lt;nags_&gt;harish: Ya sure</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:39:07 &lt;harish&gt;gicmo, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:39:17 &lt;harish&gt;are we close to having a branch for CalDav now ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:39:28 &lt;gicmo&gt;actually yes :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:39:55 &lt;harish&gt;Great !! can we work on that right after the meeting ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:40:30 &lt;gicmo&gt;I have written a small caldav.c program to do all funky testing of xml parsing and stuff .. and I am atm working on integrating that into my stub caldav backend ..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:40:32 &lt;gicmo&gt;harish, sure!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:40:35 --&gt;varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:40:38 &lt;harish&gt;thanks a lot. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:40:46 &lt;varadhan&gt;Sorry guys!! really forgot!!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:40:51 &lt;gicmo&gt;still no server to test again though</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:41:19 &lt;--r0key has quit (Quitting IRC)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:41:29 &lt;harish&gt;my turn.. i worked a bit on evo-sharp stuff - cal bindings, troubleshooting some build stuff and hopefully will make a 2.3.3.1 today..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:41:44 &lt;harish&gt;also working on the migration of our mailing lists onto the gnome servers</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:42:11 &lt;harish&gt;and clearing off some patch backlog</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:42:41 &lt;harish&gt;some more activity on the GW front, we have production deployments now :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:42:48 &lt;harish&gt;welcome HiddenWolf</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:43:03 &lt;harish&gt;ksh, updates for us ? gal is in evo this week ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:43:23 &lt;ksh&gt;harish: yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:43:31 &lt;ksh&gt;cvs surgery is fone</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:43:32 &lt;ksh&gt;done</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:43:35 &lt;HiddenWolf&gt;karish, just an interested non-user here, nothing to get exited about ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:44:02 &lt;ksh&gt;harish: now, the sanity check would be done by shilpa (qa)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:44:18 &lt;ksh&gt;harish: and then, all the changes would get committed to head</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:44:23 &lt;harish&gt;HiddenWolf: time to get converted then ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:44:45 &lt;ksh&gt;so, it would be followed by po migration and win32 repair</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:45:06 &lt;harish&gt;ksh: sounds great..infact the last 10 days have seen sweeping changes due to the exchange server module moving in.. this should keep the momentum</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:45:15 &lt;harish&gt;nags_, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:45:20 &lt;ksh&gt;tml: while moving the gal stuff to evolution, some win32 bits got skewed, so, i would need your help there</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:45:24 &lt;HiddenWolf&gt;harish, I tried, I really did. :P</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:45:42 &lt;tml&gt;ksh: no problem, i will notice and fix</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:45:45 &lt;ksh&gt;tml: i would send you all the details in a mail</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:45:53 &lt;ksh&gt;tml: thank u so much</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:45:53 &lt;nags_&gt;harish: yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:46:15 &lt;harish&gt;NotZed, ? nice to see you blog now at pgo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:46:40 --&gt;partha (~partha@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:46:42 &lt;HiddenWolf&gt;"On Wednesday Nov. 24th, 2004 the Evolution Team is going to have a UI Hackfest on irc in #evolution on gimp net. We want to focus on getting nice little bits of polish in the UI." - That's on the developer section of evo's website.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:46:43 --&gt;pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:47:21 &lt;harish&gt;HiddenWolf, needs an update ,..yes.. thanks for pointing it out</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:47:29 &lt;harish&gt;partha, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:47:54 &lt;partha&gt;fixed 2 bugs on the groupwise provider...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:48:18 &lt;harish&gt;nice. thanks. pnayak, any updates for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:48:25 &lt;pnayak&gt;wrote testcases for new features got it reviwed, Triaged 'connector' bugs and 'Calendar' bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:48:37 &lt;partha&gt;currently fixing a few offline issues relating to CamelOfflineFolderClass</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:48:39 &lt;pnayak&gt;Entire team is doing Test case design</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:48:57 &lt;NotZed&gt;yeah i think the blog pretty well covers it all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:48:57 --&gt;sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:49:01 *harish is really eager to see them </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:49:12 --&gt;shres (~shreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:49:14 &lt;pnayak&gt;NLD SP2 RC2 testing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:49:33 &lt;harish&gt;and while i am there, i want to introduce raj to the rest of us here.. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:49:33 --&gt;viren (~viren@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:49:48 &lt;raj&gt;hi all :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:49:49 &lt;harish&gt;raj, can you tell us about the exciting news on the unit testing front</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:50:18 &lt;raj&gt;ok. Ive been working automating the testing of Evoution APIS. Ebook And Ecal for now.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:51:02 &lt;raj&gt;Using the CUNIT automated unit testing framework, i have a working model now ready for initial review and check-in</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:51:08 &lt;harish&gt;and we plan to integrate them with the builds right ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:51:32 &lt;raj&gt;harish: That's done. We can now build it along with e-d-s.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:51:40 &lt;harish&gt;cool :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:51:41 &lt;harish&gt;thansk</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:51:51 &lt;harish&gt;hey rodrigo :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:51:57 &lt;raj&gt;harish: only by enabling it with a configure script flag ofcourse :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:52:06 &lt;harish&gt;sankar, updates for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:52:34 &lt;sankar&gt;harish: Working on proxy... We can have an initial demo this friday</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:52:41 &lt;sankar&gt;along with QA</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:52:44 &lt;harish&gt;great. shaheed, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:52:48 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish: no news from me :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:53:10 &lt;harish&gt;:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:53:13 &lt;shaheed&gt;harish: done with menu reorganization test case design </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:53:50 &lt;shaheed&gt;harish: started with Task yesterday and validation test cases are almost done</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:53:57 &lt;harish&gt;shaheed, so you are set to fire bugs now :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:54:04 &lt;harish&gt;shres, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:54:10 &lt;shaheed&gt;yup</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:54:45 &lt;harish&gt;hey surf, exchange is in e-d-s now.. tell us more about it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:55:04 &lt;shres&gt;harish: preparing for the proxy demo on friday..which means writing the code and fixing one nasty memory corruption issue</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:55:23 &lt;surf&gt;yes, and i am sure you all must have noticed it with all those build breaks :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:55:42 &lt;surf&gt;well, sorry about those breaks guys, did a lot of code movement so was bound to miss out on things</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:56:07 &lt;surf&gt;now the exchange server communication code is in e-d-s</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:56:19 &lt;shres&gt;surf: when code movement , great care u must take. ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:56:20 &lt;surf&gt;and i have also mailed the hackers list about how to get exchange built in your setup</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:56:29 &lt;harish&gt;surf: thanks anyway for warning me to include -enable-xchange :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:56:42 &lt;surf&gt;shres, yup :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:56:52 &lt;surf&gt;harish, its --enable-exchange to be precise ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:56:56 &lt;harish&gt;i guess the mono plugin problems stem from that as well (need for using the option)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:57:01 &lt;harish&gt;yup</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:57:08 &lt;harish&gt;sush, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:57:08 &lt;surf&gt;yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:57:21 &lt;surf&gt;i thnk we would be using that till it needs to get built by default</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:57:26 &lt;sush&gt;last week worked on GW system addressbook offline support and cache progress indication stuff..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:57:40 &lt;harish&gt;shres, sankar : pl. let pnayak have a preview of your demo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:57:44 &lt;sush&gt;also reviewed some exchange connector test cases</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:58:02 &lt;harish&gt;thanks..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:58:19 &lt;sankar&gt;harish: Yeah... She will also be part of it... Already we have sent the sample screenshots for her to prepare the testcases</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:58:27 &lt;harish&gt;any follow-ups on the branch merging stuff that vivek completed..do we see performance improvements now ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:58:58 &lt;harish&gt;tml, now we can send mail from windows :) more screenshots ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:59:23 &lt;tml&gt;no new screenshots ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:59:29 &lt;tml&gt;some people pointed out serious problems in the glib socket iochannel &amp; watch code for win32, hacked on that. it was something that would have bitten also in evolution's sooner or later, i guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:59:30 &lt;sush&gt;nope .. according to vivek's report..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:59:45 &lt;harish&gt;thanks tml</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:59:53 &lt;tml&gt;in evolution, looking at random win32 problems, for instance mailbox related</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 15:59:54 &lt;vivek&gt;harish, ya, still waiting for toshok's response for specific points</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:00:09 &lt;sush&gt;we need to re-think about it..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:00:11 &lt;tml&gt;but nothing to be excited about yet...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:00:14 &lt;varadhan&gt;Fixed a crasher in pilot-conduits (w.r.t multi-day events) and sent the patch to e-p for review.  Working on evo-beagle requirments, specifically, the cal bindings in evo#.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:00:26 &lt;varadhan&gt;(OMG!! again I forgot)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:00:35 &lt;harish&gt;ah varadhan, well, a kind reminder to have the guadec evolution photos on the net :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:00 &lt;andre&gt;yes, please :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:12 varadhan Vavi Jun 15 16:01:13 &lt;harish&gt;welcome Vavi</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:16 &lt;harish&gt;viren, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:18 &lt;varadhan&gt;harish, thanks for the reminder, just looking out for a parking place to land the grand-wagon of 200+ photos.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:20 --&gt;uli (~uneumann@213.83.32.16) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:31 &lt;surf&gt;varadhan, flickr.com :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:36 *tml recommends flickr, too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:46 &lt;viren&gt;harish, bug fixing, working on free/busy issue which doesn't refresh for all attendes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:47 &lt;varadhan&gt;surf, they suck, the give only 10MB of space per month.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:01:57 &lt;NotZed&gt;tml: fwiw, i've basically rewritten mbox completely on the disksummary branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:02:02 &lt;surf&gt;varadhan, then try ofoto</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:02:08 &lt;NotZed&gt;or rewriting it as we speak</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:02:18 &lt;harish&gt;thanks viren</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:02:20 &lt;harish&gt;vivek, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:02:25 &lt;tml&gt;NotZed: will check it out. It will replace the current code?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:02:29 &lt;vivek&gt;working on gw-junk-mail handling stuff, requested new api's and tested, got basic model working, still there are some issues to be resolved</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:02:43 &lt;NotZed&gt;at some point, i guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:03:02 &lt;harish&gt;vivek, are they aimed at 2.2 </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:03:03 &lt;vivek&gt;i am also planning to make camel-junk-plugin as an e-plugin</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:03:09 *harish hopes not</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:03:18 &lt;vivek&gt;harish, 2.4</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:03:24 &lt;harish&gt;vivek, cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:03:54 *tml does cvs get -r notzed-disksummary-branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:04:26 &lt;harish&gt;i hope to get rid of the myriad build issues that we have been facing on the HEAD and make a release by tomorrow</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:04:43 &lt;harish&gt;anybody has other concerns, questions .. anything else to share</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:04:59 &lt;harish&gt;hi uli</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:05:10 &lt;uli&gt;Hi Harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:05:26 &lt;uli&gt;Notzed, have you seen my new i18n patch for camel? Is it OK now?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:05:51 &lt;NotZed&gt;uli: sorry, not yet, i saw the mail but havne't had a chance to look at it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:05:59 &lt;uli&gt;OK</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:06:07 &lt;harish&gt;that is it for now, i guess. Thanks all. do please give me a gentle nudge if your patch has not been seen for some time now </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 15 16:06:36 &lt;harish&gt;bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>J</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!
</tt></body></html>