Jun 15 15:32:50 <harish>	one more minute.. and lets get started
Jun 15 15:33:56 <harish>	lets get rolling !!!
Jun 15 15:34:30 <harish>	andre : i would be committing the X-GNOME-Bugzilla patch shortly after the meeting
Jun 15 15:34:35 <--	rocky has quit (Quitting IRC)
Jun 15 15:34:50 <andre>	harish: ok :-)
Jun 15 15:34:55 <harish>	do you have anything for us ?
Jun 15 15:35:13 <andre>	nothing patricular, continued triaging bugs with target milestones <2.2; began destroying UI component
Jun 15 15:35:23 <andre>	and we should really decide on all those patches in bugzilla before string freeze takes place :-)
Jun 15 15:35:36 <andre>	that's all :-)
Jun 15 15:35:42 -->	nags_ (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:35:58 <harish>	i plan to send a call on e-h for people about their uncommitted patches..
Jun 15 15:35:59 -->	HiddenWolf (~HiddenWol@213-73-250-180.cable.quicknet.nl) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:36:17 <harish>	that would atleast help in prioritizing the heap that is on our hands now
Jun 15 15:36:25 -->	chen (~chen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:36:44 -->	rocky (~praveen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:36:52 <harish>	andre : nags has an update on the bug days, i hope . thanks
Jun 15 15:36:58 <harish>	chen, ?
Jun 15 15:37:05 <nags_>	harish: Ya
Jun 15 15:37:16 <nags_>	On last Friday we conducted bug day
Jun 15 15:37:28 <nags_>	agenda - cleanup unconfirmed bugs
Jun 15 15:37:38 <chen>	harish, was working on calendar delegation and some bugs
Jun 15 15:37:50 <nags_>	approx 70 bugs has been triaged by team members
Jun 15 15:38:06 <harish>	thanks, chen and nags_ 
Jun 15 15:38:23 <nags_>	still 335 unconfirmed bugs pending, working on that, planing to conduct one more bug day :)
Jun 15 15:38:28 <harish>	i just noticed the figure grew quite a bit last week on bugzilla
Jun 15 15:38:35 ---	rocky is now known as r0key
Jun 15 15:38:43 <nags_>	harish: Ya
Jun 15 15:38:48 <harish>	nags_, only this time - i want it on the irc with the community :)
Jun 15 15:39:04 <nags_>	harish: Ya sure
Jun 15 15:39:07 <harish>	gicmo, ?
Jun 15 15:39:17 <harish>	are we close to having a branch for CalDav now ?
Jun 15 15:39:28 <gicmo>	actually yes :)
Jun 15 15:39:55 <harish>	Great !! can we work on that right after the meeting ?
Jun 15 15:40:30 <gicmo>	I have written a small caldav.c program to do all funky testing of xml parsing and stuff .. and I am atm working on integrating that into my stub caldav backend ..
Jun 15 15:40:32 <gicmo>	harish, sure!
Jun 15 15:40:35 -->	varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:40:38 <harish>	thanks a lot. 
Jun 15 15:40:46 <varadhan>	Sorry guys!! really forgot!!
Jun 15 15:40:51 <gicmo>	still no server to test again though
Jun 15 15:41:19 <--	r0key has quit (Quitting IRC)
Jun 15 15:41:29 <harish>	my turn.. i worked a bit on evo-sharp stuff - cal bindings, troubleshooting some build stuff and hopefully will make a 2.3.3.1 today..
Jun 15 15:41:44 <harish>	also working on the migration of our mailing lists onto the gnome servers
Jun 15 15:42:11 <harish>	and clearing off some patch backlog
Jun 15 15:42:41 <harish>	some more activity on the GW front, we have production deployments now :)
Jun 15 15:42:48 <harish>	welcome HiddenWolf
Jun 15 15:43:03 <harish>	ksh, updates for us ? gal is in evo this week ?
Jun 15 15:43:23 <ksh>	harish: yes
Jun 15 15:43:31 <ksh>	cvs surgery is fone
Jun 15 15:43:32 <ksh>	done
Jun 15 15:43:35 <HiddenWolf>	karish, just an interested non-user here, nothing to get exited about ;)
Jun 15 15:44:02 <ksh>	harish: now, the sanity check would be done by shilpa (qa)
Jun 15 15:44:18 <ksh>	harish: and then, all the changes would get committed to head
Jun 15 15:44:23 <harish>	HiddenWolf: time to get converted then ;-)
Jun 15 15:44:45 <ksh>	so, it would be followed by po migration and win32 repair
Jun 15 15:45:06 <harish>	ksh: sounds great..infact the last 10 days have seen sweeping changes due to the exchange server module moving in.. this should keep the momentum
Jun 15 15:45:15 <harish>	nags_, ?
Jun 15 15:45:20 <ksh>	tml: while moving the gal stuff to evolution, some win32 bits got skewed, so, i would need your help there
Jun 15 15:45:24 <HiddenWolf>	harish, I tried, I really did. :P
Jun 15 15:45:42 <tml>	ksh: no problem, i will notice and fix
Jun 15 15:45:45 <ksh>	tml: i would send you all the details in a mail
Jun 15 15:45:53 <ksh>	tml: thank u so much
Jun 15 15:45:53 <nags_>	harish: yes
Jun 15 15:46:15 <harish>	NotZed, ? nice to see you blog now at pgo
Jun 15 15:46:40 -->	partha (~partha@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:46:42 <HiddenWolf>	"On Wednesday Nov. 24th, 2004 the Evolution Team is going to have a UI Hackfest on irc in #evolution on gimp net. We want to focus on getting nice little bits of polish in the UI." - That's on the developer section of evo's website.
Jun 15 15:46:43 -->	pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:47:21 <harish>	HiddenWolf, needs an update ,..yes.. thanks for pointing it out
Jun 15 15:47:29 <harish>	partha, ?
Jun 15 15:47:54 <partha>	fixed 2 bugs on the groupwise provider...
Jun 15 15:48:18 <harish>	nice. thanks. pnayak, any updates for us ?
Jun 15 15:48:25 <pnayak>	wrote testcases for new features got it reviwed, Triaged 'connector' bugs and 'Calendar' bugs
Jun 15 15:48:37 <partha>	currently fixing a few offline issues relating to CamelOfflineFolderClass
Jun 15 15:48:39 <pnayak>	Entire team is doing Test case design
Jun 15 15:48:57 <NotZed>	yeah i think the blog pretty well covers it all
Jun 15 15:48:57 -->	sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:49:01 *	harish is really eager to see them 
Jun 15 15:49:12 -->	shres (~shreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:49:14 <pnayak>	NLD SP2 RC2 testing
Jun 15 15:49:33 <harish>	and while i am there, i want to introduce raj to the rest of us here.. 
Jun 15 15:49:33 -->	viren (~viren@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 15:49:48 <raj>	hi all :)
Jun 15 15:49:49 <harish>	raj, can you tell us about the exciting news on the unit testing front
Jun 15 15:50:18 <raj>	ok. Ive been working automating the testing of Evoution APIS. Ebook And Ecal for now.
Jun 15 15:51:02 <raj>	Using the CUNIT automated unit testing framework, i have a working model now ready for initial review and check-in
Jun 15 15:51:08 <harish>	and we plan to integrate them with the builds right ?
Jun 15 15:51:32 <raj>	harish: That's done. We can now build it along with e-d-s.
Jun 15 15:51:40 <harish>	cool :)
Jun 15 15:51:41 <harish>	thansk
Jun 15 15:51:51 <harish>	hey rodrigo :)
Jun 15 15:51:57 <raj>	harish: only by enabling it with a configure script flag ofcourse :)
Jun 15 15:52:06 <harish>	sankar, updates for us ?
Jun 15 15:52:34 <sankar>	harish: Working on proxy... We can have an initial demo this friday
Jun 15 15:52:41 <sankar>	along with QA
Jun 15 15:52:44 <harish>	great. shaheed, ?
Jun 15 15:52:48 <rodrigo>	harish: no news from me :)
Jun 15 15:53:10 <harish>	:)
Jun 15 15:53:13 <shaheed>	harish: done with menu reorganization test case design 
Jun 15 15:53:50 <shaheed>	harish: started with Task yesterday and validation test cases are almost done
Jun 15 15:53:57 <harish>	shaheed, so you are set to fire bugs now :)
Jun 15 15:54:04 <harish>	shres, ?
Jun 15 15:54:10 <shaheed>	yup
Jun 15 15:54:45 <harish>	hey surf, exchange is in e-d-s now.. tell us more about it
Jun 15 15:55:04 <shres>	harish: preparing for the proxy demo on friday..which means writing the code and fixing one nasty memory corruption issue
Jun 15 15:55:23 <surf>	yes, and i am sure you all must have noticed it with all those build breaks :)
Jun 15 15:55:42 <surf>	well, sorry about those breaks guys, did a lot of code movement so was bound to miss out on things
Jun 15 15:56:07 <surf>	now the exchange server communication code is in e-d-s
Jun 15 15:56:19 <shres>	surf: when code movement , great care u must take. ;)
Jun 15 15:56:20 <surf>	and i have also mailed the hackers list about how to get exchange built in your setup
Jun 15 15:56:29 <harish>	surf: thanks anyway for warning me to include -enable-xchange :)
Jun 15 15:56:42 <surf>	shres, yup :)
Jun 15 15:56:52 <surf>	harish, its --enable-exchange to be precise ;)
Jun 15 15:56:56 <harish>	i guess the mono plugin problems stem from that as well (need for using the option)
Jun 15 15:57:01 <harish>	yup
Jun 15 15:57:08 <harish>	sush, ?
Jun 15 15:57:08 <surf>	yes
Jun 15 15:57:21 <surf>	i thnk we would be using that till it needs to get built by default
Jun 15 15:57:26 <sush>	last week worked on GW system addressbook offline support and cache progress indication stuff..
Jun 15 15:57:40 <harish>	shres, sankar : pl. let pnayak have a preview of your demo
Jun 15 15:57:44 <sush>	also reviewed some exchange connector test cases
Jun 15 15:58:02 <harish>	thanks..
Jun 15 15:58:19 <sankar>	harish: Yeah... She will also be part of it... Already we have sent the sample screenshots for her to prepare the testcases
Jun 15 15:58:27 <harish>	any follow-ups on the branch merging stuff that vivek completed..do we see performance improvements now ?
Jun 15 15:58:58 <harish>	tml, now we can send mail from windows :) more screenshots ?
Jun 15 15:59:23 <tml>	no new screenshots ;-)
Jun 15 15:59:29 <tml>	some people pointed out serious problems in the glib socket iochannel & watch code for win32, hacked on that. it was something that would have bitten also in evolution's sooner or later, i guess
Jun 15 15:59:30 <sush>	nope .. according to vivek's report..
Jun 15 15:59:45 <harish>	thanks tml
Jun 15 15:59:53 <tml>	in evolution, looking at random win32 problems, for instance mailbox related
Jun 15 15:59:54 <vivek>	harish, ya, still waiting for toshok's response for specific points
Jun 15 16:00:09 <sush>	we need to re-think about it..
Jun 15 16:00:11 <tml>	but nothing to be excited about yet...
Jun 15 16:00:14 <varadhan>	Fixed a crasher in pilot-conduits (w.r.t multi-day events) and sent the patch to e-p for review.  Working on evo-beagle requirments, specifically, the cal bindings in evo#.
Jun 15 16:00:26 <varadhan>	(OMG!! again I forgot)
Jun 15 16:00:35 <harish>	ah varadhan, well, a kind reminder to have the guadec evolution photos on the net :)
Jun 15 16:01:00 <andre>	yes, please :-)
Jun 15 16:01:12 varadhan Vavi Jun 15 16:01:13 <harish>	welcome Vavi
Jun 15 16:01:16 <harish>	viren, ?
Jun 15 16:01:18 <varadhan>	harish, thanks for the reminder, just looking out for a parking place to land the grand-wagon of 200+ photos.
Jun 15 16:01:20 -->	uli (~uneumann@213.83.32.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 15 16:01:31 <surf>	varadhan, flickr.com :)
Jun 15 16:01:36 *	tml recommends flickr, too
Jun 15 16:01:46 <viren>	harish, bug fixing, working on free/busy issue which doesn't refresh for all attendes
Jun 15 16:01:47 <varadhan>	surf, they suck, the give only 10MB of space per month.
Jun 15 16:01:57 <NotZed>	tml: fwiw, i've basically rewritten mbox completely on the disksummary branch
Jun 15 16:02:02 <surf>	varadhan, then try ofoto
Jun 15 16:02:08 <NotZed>	or rewriting it as we speak
Jun 15 16:02:18 <harish>	thanks viren
Jun 15 16:02:20 <harish>	vivek, ?
Jun 15 16:02:25 <tml>	NotZed: will check it out. It will replace the current code?
Jun 15 16:02:29 <vivek>	working on gw-junk-mail handling stuff, requested new api's and tested, got basic model working, still there are some issues to be resolved
Jun 15 16:02:43 <NotZed>	at some point, i guess
Jun 15 16:03:02 <harish>	vivek, are they aimed at 2.2 
Jun 15 16:03:03 <vivek>	i am also planning to make camel-junk-plugin as an e-plugin
Jun 15 16:03:09 *	harish hopes not
Jun 15 16:03:18 <vivek>	harish, 2.4
Jun 15 16:03:24 <harish>	vivek, cool
Jun 15 16:03:54 *	tml does cvs get -r notzed-disksummary-branch
Jun 15 16:04:26 <harish>	i hope to get rid of the myriad build issues that we have been facing on the HEAD and make a release by tomorrow
Jun 15 16:04:43 <harish>	anybody has other concerns, questions .. anything else to share
Jun 15 16:04:59 <harish>	hi uli
Jun 15 16:05:10 <uli>	Hi Harish
Jun 15 16:05:26 <uli>	Notzed, have you seen my new i18n patch for camel? Is it OK now?
Jun 15 16:05:51 <NotZed>	uli: sorry, not yet, i saw the mail but havne't had a chance to look at it
Jun 15 16:05:59 <uli>	OK
Jun 15 16:06:07 <harish>	that is it for now, i guess. Thanks all. do please give me a gentle nudge if your patch has not been seen for some time now 
Jun 15 16:06:36 <harish>	bye
J
