<!--#set var="title" value="Evolution: IRC Meeting (2005-04-06)" -->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer" -->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml" -->

<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff"><tt>
<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Apr  6 15:58:30 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 15:58:43 &lt;haip&gt;rodrigo, last meeting's minutes on gnome.org is missing.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 15:58:44 --&gt;seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-41-22.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 15:58:58 &lt;rodrigo&gt;haip: oh, looking</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 15:59:29 &lt;haip&gt;03-23's minutes link is wrong, too.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:00:24 --&gt;harish_meet (~harish@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:00:28 &lt;rodrigo&gt;oh, last week there was no meeting</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:00:39 &lt;rodrigo&gt;but 03-23 is wrong yeah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:01:29 --&gt;christine (~christine@130.57.22.69) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:01:46 &lt;jpr&gt;almost ready to roll</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:01:47 &lt;rodrigo&gt;right, I didn't cvs add'ed it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:01:49 *jpr finds agenda</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:02:06 &lt;jpr&gt;lets begin</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:02:16 --&gt;sui1 (~Suresh@219.64.141.47) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:02:19 &lt;jpr&gt;2.2.x development status</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:02:19 --&gt;chen (~chen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:02:25 &lt;jpr&gt;2.2.x development status</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:02:42 &lt;jpr&gt;gnome pushed back the 2.10.1 release a week to monday</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:02:54 &lt;jpr&gt;so i slid a little on the 2.2.2 release</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:03:01 &lt;jpr&gt;i'm going to work on pushing that out today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:03:16 &lt;jpr&gt;we need to look at taking rodrigo's 70035 fix</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:03:25 &lt;jpr&gt;the fix for "busy" calendars from chen</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:03:47 &lt;jpr&gt;and the scalix patch on memory leaks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:03:56 &lt;jpr&gt;for calendar attachments</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:04:19 &lt;jpr&gt;plus we need to look at potential memory leak in gtkhtml</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:04:28 &lt;jpr&gt;any other bugs i should be aware of?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:04:36 &lt;jpr&gt;that we would class as "critical"</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:04:37 &lt;jpr&gt;?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:04:50 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:04:59 &lt;jpr&gt;2.2.3</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:05:28 &lt;jpr&gt;because 2.2.2 is pushed back a bit, i haven't determined a time for 2.2.3, but</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:05:38 &lt;jpr&gt;it will almost certainly go out</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:05:42 &lt;jpr&gt;before the end of april</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:05:59 &lt;seb128&gt;jpr: dunno how you would consider <a href="http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=74087">http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=74087</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:06:32 &lt;jpr&gt;thats a dupe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:06:33 &lt;christine&gt;ew</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:06:46 &lt;jpr&gt;seb128: the release notes contained a pointer to a patch for that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:06:50 &lt;christine&gt;oh good</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:06:52 &lt;jpr&gt;and described the bug</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:06:54 &lt;seb128&gt;oh ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:06:59 &lt;seb128&gt;doh, I've not noticed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:02 &lt;seb128&gt;but I want to fix it for hoary</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:04 &lt;seb128&gt;ie: today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:06 &lt;jpr&gt;the patch is already in cvs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:09 &lt;seb128&gt;thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:09 &lt;harish_meet&gt;jpr: i guess you mean the scalix patch on e-cal.c for cal-attachments..was there anything on the memory leaks ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:12 *harish_meet checks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:21 &lt;jpr&gt;harish_meet: i believe it fixed leaks as well</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:33 &lt;jpr&gt;christine: that was patched in 9.3 before release btw</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:36 &lt;jpr&gt;iirc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:40 &lt;christine&gt;ah that one</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:07:50 &lt;christine&gt;i should check</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:08:24 &lt;jpr&gt;moving on</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:08:38 &lt;jpr&gt;usual warning about string and ui freeze still in effect for 2.2.x</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:08:45 &lt;jpr&gt;also</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:09:04 &lt;jpr&gt;bugzilla is going to be moving from bugzilla.ximian.com to bugzilla.gnome.org</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:09:08 &lt;jpr&gt;this saturday</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:09:26 &lt;jpr&gt;basically all bug numbers in changelogs, news, etc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:09:34 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish_meet: it had the g_free (mangled_uri) addition, which fixes a leak</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:09:40 &lt;rodrigo&gt;I guess that's what jpr means</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:09:47 &lt;jpr&gt;will have the constant 200000 added to them</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:10:07 &lt;jpr&gt;and b.x.c will be closed down</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:10:14 &lt;harish_meet&gt;rodrigo, yeah.. i was wondering if i had missed a different patch post :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:10:19 &lt;jpr&gt;these are public bugs only</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:10:26 &lt;dhm_home&gt;jpr: will there be any kind of URL redirection?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:10:36 &lt;jpr&gt;private bugs will stay in b.x.c until we can get them moved to internal bugzilla</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:10:48 &lt;jpr&gt;dhm_home: the products file will get updated for bugzilla</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:11:11 &lt;jpr&gt;and we are looking at what to do about email submissions</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:11:21 &lt;jpr&gt;probably redirect them somehow</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:11:56 &lt;jpr&gt;2.3/2.4</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:12:26 &lt;jpr&gt;notzed added an architecture section to the wiki</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:12:33 &lt;jpr&gt;for architectural improvements</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:12:46 &lt;jpr&gt;he'll be working on in the 2.4 timeframe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:13:15 &lt;jpr&gt;still a bit slow getting head open</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:13:20 &lt;jpr&gt;because of e-d-s versioning</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:13:30 &lt;jpr&gt;bascially we are looking to preserve compat with 1.2</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:13:39 &lt;jpr&gt;and its annoying to do this correctly</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:14:06 &lt;jpr&gt;harish would be interested in any potential api breakages in the 2.4 time frame in e-d-s</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:14:14 --&gt;bowes (~bowes@blk-137-127-26.eastlink.ca) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:14:15 &lt;jpr&gt;that anyone might have</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:14:32 &lt;jpr&gt;thats breakages in the api/abi compat sense</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:14:43 &lt;jpr&gt;not adding new api's</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:14:47 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish_meet, jpr : if we clean up the libecal API to not use libical externally, that breaks it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:14:55 &lt;jpr&gt;yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:15:02 &lt;harish_meet&gt;rodrigo, yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:15:49 &lt;jpr&gt;the alternate is just to bump everything to 1.4 again</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:15:51 &lt;jpr&gt;but this is a pain</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:16:03 &lt;jpr&gt;for snapshots, OO, planner, clock applet, etc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:16:29 &lt;rodrigo&gt;yeah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:16:46 &lt;jpr&gt;but also, its only useful if we can maintain bin compat</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:17:15 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:17:17 &lt;jpr&gt;status reports</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:17:47 &lt;jpr&gt;andre: anything for us? you've been looking at the test dump of b.x.c i know</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:18:15 &lt;andre&gt;no, nothing. hmm... there are about 170 reports open which targets &lt;2.2 in b.x.c</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:18:20 &lt;harish_meet&gt;rodrigo, we might not be looking at libecal changes in the 2.4 timeframe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:18:26 &lt;jpr&gt;ah, yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:18:29 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish_meet: ah, ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:18:29 &lt;jpr&gt;i wanted to mention that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:18:43 &lt;jpr&gt;we need to clean up the remaining bugs in the 2.0.4 and 2.1 milestones</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:18:52 &lt;jpr&gt;and either mark them 2.2.x or 2.3</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:19:31 &lt;jpr&gt;also, hopefully everyone saw andre's keyword proposal on e-h</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:19:41 &lt;jpr&gt;i had never even heard of some of these keywords</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:20:02 &lt;jpr&gt;effective keyword usage will be great going forward</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:20:42 &lt;jpr&gt;andre: the cleanup will happen after the b.g.o move, right?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:21:01 &lt;andre&gt;yes, that's what the discussion led us to</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:21:07 --&gt;pnayak (~pnayak_te@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:21:23 &lt;jpr&gt;ok, cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:21:42 &lt;jpr&gt;pnayak: we just discussed the move to bugzilla.gnome.org and andre's proposed keyword cleanup</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:21:47 &lt;jpr&gt;bowes: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:22:05 &lt;bowes&gt;jpr: not this week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:22:09 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:22:17 &lt;jpr&gt;chen: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:22:44 &lt;chen&gt;jpr, bug fixing, sent three patches, and wating for approval</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:22:56 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:23:00 &lt;jpr&gt;dhm_home: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:23:18 &lt;dhm_home&gt;nothing extra</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:23:24 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:23:26 &lt;jpr&gt;dobey: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:23:47 &lt;dobey&gt;working on menus stuff</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:24:00 &lt;dobey&gt;should be able to lay out a full plan later today and send mail about it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:24:05 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:24:18 &lt;jpr&gt;the alarm dialog stuff?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:24:49 &lt;jpr&gt;fejj: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:25:00 &lt;--sui1 has quit (Download Gaim: <a href="http://gaim.sourceforge.net/)">http://gaim.sourceforge.net/)</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:25:15 &lt;dobey&gt;should talk to pvanhoof about that today too, i told him to ping me on irc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:25:18 &lt;fejj&gt;bug fixing, reviewed patches</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:25:33 &lt;fejj&gt;started going thru unconfirmed bugs in bugzilla</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:25:35 &lt;jpr&gt;dobey: ok, great</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:25:38 &lt;jpr&gt;fejj: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:26:16 &lt;jpr&gt;haip: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:26:20 &lt;haip&gt;nothing special, just bug fixing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:26:25 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:26:29 &lt;jpr&gt;harish_meet: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:26:30 &lt;harish_meet&gt;patch reviews, getting the gw recurrence patch better and getting to know auto tools better :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:26:37 &lt;jpr&gt;hehe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:26:44 &lt;jpr&gt;auto* isn't always the most fun</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:26:50 &lt;jpr&gt;which reminds me</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:27:02 &lt;jpr&gt;dobey: could you look at ERDI's patch for configure.in?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:27:07 &lt;jpr&gt;if you have time</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:27:38 &lt;jpr&gt;hpj: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:28:04 &lt;hpj&gt;fixed the name selector part of the "auth dialog snowstorm" issue, and convinced myself the other part of the problem is GW code</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:28:10 &lt;hpj&gt;still pending approval</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:28:25 &lt;hpj&gt;readied OSX build, added spell checking</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:28:33 &lt;dobey&gt;jpr: yeah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:28:42 &lt;christine&gt;thank you hpj - the snowstorm is driving me nuts :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:28:42 &lt;hpj&gt;i should be able to make an OSX release when you're ready</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:29:07 &lt;hpj&gt;christine: :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:29:27 &lt;hpj&gt;i've started looking at bugs to move to more recent milestones</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:29:27 &lt;jpr&gt;myself</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:29:31 &lt;jpr&gt;not much hacking</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:29:45 &lt;jpr&gt;mostly preparing release and a snowstorm of meetings</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:30:13 &lt;jpr&gt;pnayak: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:30:36 &lt;pnayak&gt;traiging bugs and non-functional testing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:30:57 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:31:01 &lt;jpr&gt;rodo: status</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:31:02 &lt;jpr&gt;?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:31:02 &lt;pnayak&gt;closing bugs for which theres is no reply from reporter ( christine :))</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:31:23 &lt;rodo&gt;finished review of 2.0.4 bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:31:30 &lt;christine&gt;pnayak: ping me later, i could have lost the request</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:31:36 &lt;rodo&gt;reviewed patches from sun guys</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:31:44 &lt;rodo&gt;some bugfixing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:32:06 &lt;rodo&gt;I have one fix with gtkhtml api addition which I think is worth for 2.2.x</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:32:12 &lt;jpr&gt;pnayak: how long are you waiting before closing?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:32:36 &lt;rodo&gt;it just adds new gtkhtml command to block setting of primary selection</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:32:46 &lt;pnayak&gt;i have sent mails for few, my plan is to wait for 1 week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:33:04 &lt;jpr&gt;pnayak: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:33:07 &lt;rodo&gt;which means that gtk_html_command accepts two new commands, so it's not abi addition</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:33:23 &lt;jpr&gt;rodo: ok, harish and i need to talk to you about a possible memory leak as well</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:33:25 &lt;jpr&gt;after this</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:33:28 &lt;rodrigo&gt;rodo: I approved your patch, although was not sure about the API addition</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:33:29 &lt;jpr&gt;rodrigo: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:33:49 &lt;rodo&gt;rodrigo: thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:33:56 &lt;rodrigo&gt;jpr: 2.2.x bug fixing/triaging and patch review</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:34:22 &lt;rodrigo&gt;jpr: btw, there are many 2.2.x bugs related to the task list flickering</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:34:30 &lt;jpr&gt;rodrigo: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:34:40 &lt;jpr&gt;rodrigo: are we really going to be able to fix that in 2.2.x?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:34:47 &lt;jpr&gt;other than preventing some crashes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:35:00 &lt;jpr&gt;fix it right that is</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:35:11 &lt;rodrigo&gt;not sure, I've been looking at possible small fixes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:35:19 &lt;rodrigo&gt;but as you say, the correct fix should go in</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:35:33 &lt;jpr&gt;rodrigo: also 2.1 still has a bunch of calendar bugs on it still</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:35:34 &lt;rodrigo&gt;which is to compare the old query and the new one and remove/add/etc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:35:43 &lt;rodrigo&gt;jpr: yes, will look at them later</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:36:04 &lt;jpr&gt;seb128: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:37:04 &lt;seb128&gt;nop</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:37:08 &lt;jpr&gt;tml: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:37:29 &lt;tml&gt;hacking on libgnomeui, gnome-vfs, gtkhtml. some glib &amp; gtk+patching</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:37:48 &lt;jpr&gt;ah, cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:38:00 &lt;jpr&gt;so bonobo controls are taken care of now?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:38:00 &lt;rodo&gt;tml: how's gtkhtml on win32?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:38:06 &lt;rodo&gt;tml: are there any issues?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:38:25 &lt;tml&gt;can't say yet... nothing major so far</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:38:46 &lt;tml&gt;bonobo controls should be ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:39:16 &lt;jpr&gt;ok, great</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:39:41 &lt;jpr&gt;cmeadors: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:40:07 &lt;jpr&gt;christine: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:40:30 &lt;jpr&gt;tml: have you done libsoup or e-d-s yet?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:40:37 &lt;tml&gt;nope</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:40:45 &lt;christine&gt;will be going thru connnector bugs this week and need to get the 2.4 feature section started for the wiki as we discussed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:40:46 &lt;tml&gt;would they be easy?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:40:55 &lt;jpr&gt;tml: dunno :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:41:03 &lt;tml&gt;i'll have a look...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:41:05 &lt;jpr&gt;tml: libsoup uses giochannel stuff</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:41:45 &lt;jpr&gt;if you can build gtkhtml you should be able to build those</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:41:59 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:41:59 &lt;tml&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:42:10 &lt;jpr&gt;ie you are high enough in the stack</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:42:20 &lt;jpr&gt;anyone have anything else they want to cover?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:00 &lt;jpr&gt;ok then</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:02 &lt;jpr&gt;:-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:05 &lt;jpr&gt;thanks everyone</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:08 &lt;christine&gt;thx jpr</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:10 &lt;jpr&gt;talk to you all next week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:18 &lt;harish_meet&gt;thanks all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:25 &lt;tml&gt;bye all!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:34 &lt;hpj&gt;later</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:35 &lt;--hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.207) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:39 ---chen is now known as chen_home</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:42 &lt;--cmeadors (~cmeadors@pool-141-154-114-19.bos.east.verizon.net) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:50 &lt;--tml has quit (Leaving)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:57 &lt;--dhm_home (~david@c-66-30-211-145.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:44:59 &lt;--christine (~christine@130.57.22.69) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:45:03 &lt;--andre (~y0020796@rzlx0008.rz.tu-bs.de) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:45:16 &lt;--seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-41-22.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:46:01 &lt;--haip has quit ()</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Apr 06 16:46:09 &lt;--jpr (~jpr@24.102.136.159) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Apr  6 16:46:13 2005</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!

<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->
