**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jun 29 15:28:15 2005

Jun 29 15:28:15 *	Now talking on #evolution-meet
Jun 29 15:29:29 harish	lets get started ...
Jun 29 15:30:31 harish	the gnome servers are down now.. so time to tidy up all the patches :)
Jun 29 15:30:39 *	Mengjie (~Mengjie@202.108.88.130) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 29 15:30:57 harish	fyi.. the next unstable release 2.3.4 will be out on 1 July
Jun 29 15:31:51 harish	only one dot release away from the feature freeze
Jun 29 15:32:05 harish	andre, anything for us ?
Jun 29 15:34:04 harish	arun joins the evolution-team and will be working on the exchange component.
Jun 29 15:34:07 harish	welcome arun
Jun 29 15:34:14 harish	chen : ?
Jun 29 15:34:29 chen	harish: Completed the progress indication while downloading the calendar items from the server, will be commiting once the cvs server is up and we worked on build buddy :)
Jun 29 15:35:06 harish	yep. the evolution HEAD snapshot rpms are available on the redcarpet.ximian.com
un 29 15:36:29 harish	well - my status - was working getting the snapshots  back again
Jun 29 15:36:29 arun	harish, thanks
Jun 29 15:36:41 harish	ksh, ?
Jun 29 15:37:09 harish	Mengjie, anything for us ?
Jun 29 15:37:24 ksh	hi harish
Jun 29 15:37:47 ksh	harish: Mengjie has worked out a nice patch for gtkhtml.. 
Jun 29 15:37:58 ksh	so it would be committed this week sometime
Jun 29 15:38:02 harish	cool..
Jun 29 15:38:08 ksh	gal is gone
Jun 29 15:38:19 ksh	excchange is also patched up
Jun 29 15:38:36 ksh	further,
Jun 29 15:38:43 harish	and are the missing i18n stuff patched up too ?
Jun 29 15:38:53 ksh	i would be working on some more complex issues in gtkhtml
Jun 29 15:38:54 *	NotZed (~notzed@ppp170-161.lns1.per1.internode.on.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 29 15:39:01 harish	hi rodrigo, NotZed
Jun 29 15:39:01 ksh	harish: very much
Jun 29 15:39:14 NotZed	sorry i'm late
Jun 29 15:39:15 harish	sankar, updates on the proxy feature ?
Jun 29 15:39:18 sankar	harish: Sent a patch to evolution-patches . will be sending one more today... shres sent a mail about the usecases and screenshots to mailing lists.
Jun 29 15:39:55 harish	NotZed, the network is behaving strangely here - so we have been hopping in and out too
Jun 29 15:40:15 Mengjie	karish: No special things
Jun 29 15:40:33 Mengjie	s/k/h/g
Jun 29 15:40:34 harish	great..i would like one of you to send a short description on your design approach to e-h as well..
Jun 29 15:40:52 sankar	harish: ok
Jun 29 15:41:02 harish	a short note on how you manage proxy sessions, how are the esources/eaccounts handled etc..
Jun 29 15:41:21 shres	harish: will do 
Jun 29 15:41:23 harish	to catch some eyeballs for review..
Jun 29 15:41:27 harish	Mengjie, thanks
Jun 29 15:41:39 harish	NotZed, anything for us ?
Jun 29 15:41:51 Mengjie	harish: Not at all:)
Jun 29 15:42:25 harish	i agree with NotZed on the need to discuss and communicate on e-h and e-p more than private mails
Jun 29 15:42:39 harish	*rather than private mails
Jun 29 15:42:42 NotZed	hmm, the inline pgp display stuff is ready once cvs is up again.  other than that, usual review/support/hacking stuff.  did a tiny bit of bug stuff late last friday night too
Jun 29 15:43:27 *	krish_ has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Jun 29 15:43:33 harish	great..that can go in for 2.3.4 on Friday then
Jun 29 15:43:41 *	nags (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 29 15:43:44 harish	shres, ?
Jun 29 15:44:11 rodrigo	hi harish 
Jun 29 15:44:36 shres	I am just about finishing of an initial walk through all the code and cleaning them up. Will start mailing the code to e-p for review
Jun 29 15:45:10 shres	also started doing some heavy testing to find bugs on the server
Jun 29 15:45:16 harish	NotZed, srag: on the use of mail apis in calendar - we need to take up the task at the earliest but we do not have anybody to do it right now
Jun 29 15:46:05 harish	NotZed, wouldnt it be a more practical approach to make the attachment stuff in composer more generic ?
Jun 29 15:46:28 harish	thanks shres
Jun 29 15:46:30 shres	lot of code to be reviewed. Hopefully the maintainers wont be too over burdened :-)
Jun 29 15:46:37 harish	sp: ?
Jun 29 15:46:44 sp	finished 'Folder Permissions' work. currently looking at 'Subscribe/Unsubscribe Folder' stuff (in exchange). to be finished by this Friday. 
Jun 29 15:47:04 harish	thanks :).
Jun 29 15:47:07 harish	srag, ?
Jun 29 15:47:09 srag	harish, sent a patch for image resize, pending review. Send out a proposal for the new ui for attachment view, waiting for comment. meanwhile fixing some ui issues randomly
Jun 29 15:47:19 NotZed	yeah it should really be the same object, although givne the composers' state of code that is probably a pita
Jun 29 15:47:34 NotZed	(the same object with no references to mail or calendar)
Jun 29 15:48:17 harish	NotZed, i will update the future's page on the wiki when it is back - 
Jun 29 15:48:50 NotZed	well getting rid of the mail code in calendar isn't future
Jun 29 15:49:12 harish	surf ?
Jun 29 15:49:30 *	pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 29 15:49:32 surf	Most of the code for exchange features is now made exchange component independent and is being integrated. Hopefully July1st tarball should it all integrated. We are into code reviews and bug fixing for the coming week.
Jun 29 15:50:05 harish	NotZed, removing that stuff might be tricky at this point..let me take a better look at it and mail e-h 
Jun 29 15:50:23 harish	surf: Great !!
Jun 29 15:50:29 harish	sush, ?
Jun 29 15:50:38 sush	this week mostly reviews for api test framework and test cases.. currently looking at addressbook defects..
Jun 29 15:51:05 harish	and are we getting hpj's patch in for Friday ?
Jun 29 15:51:23 sush	yes.. but it doesn't solve the problem fully ..
Jun 29 15:51:38 sush	doesn't work with groupwise system address book
Jun 29 15:51:42 harish	NotZed, i totally agree it is indeed ugly atm
Jun 29 15:52:00 NotZed	umm well no, it snot ugly
Jun 29 15:52:03 NotZed	its totally unacceptable
Jun 29 15:52:26 harish	sush: ok. i leave it to you to make the call
Jun 29 15:52:32 harish	viren, ?
Jun 29 15:52:37 NotZed	this is not a point for discussion.  you simply cannot call mail component code from outside f the mail component, i was quite explicit in the email and i expect it to get fixed
Jun 29 15:52:42 NotZed	at a priority
Jun 29 15:52:58 viren	harish, tested delegate feature and found few bugs.those will be filed once the servers are up , now working on attachment options  in the event editor for an non attendee.
Jun 29 15:53:23 harish	viren, cool. 
Jun 29 15:53:45 harish	chen: we also need to get the recurrence fixes in this week..
Jun 29 15:54:04 chen	harish, yes will be doing that
Jun 29 15:54:32 harish	i'll join you with that task..
Jun 29 15:54:40 harish	wherever you need me :)
Jun 29 15:54:47 harish	vivek_, ?
Jun 29 15:54:49 pnayak	harish: I will update at last, i was in meeting
Jun 29 15:54:55 vivek_	just about to finish junk mail handling stuff, the new hook is all set to be committed,  with spam junk plugin. The groupwise part has couple of issues, most likely will get resolved in a day or two
Jun 29 15:55:15 harish	NotZed, yes.. i shall look into it today and get back on this
Jun 29 15:55:40 harish	vivek_, thanks
Jun 29 15:55:43 harish	nags, ?
Jun 29 15:55:44 chen	harish, fine :)
Jun 29 15:55:51 nags	Wrote address book test-cases. Got feedback from sushma. Need to incorporate them in the test-cases.
Jun 29 15:55:52 nags	As usual bug triaging [uncofirmed bugs]
Jun 29 15:55:52 nags	Started testing Evolution 2.3 [Mostly Groupwise and IMAP]
Jun 29 15:56:19 nags	thats it...
Jun 29 15:56:50 harish	cool and i hope the rug snapshots will keep rolling out to you henceforth
Jun 29 15:57:00 harish	pnayak, ?
Jun 29 15:57:02 nags	ya
Jun 29 15:57:04 *	krish_ (~rkrishnan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 29 15:57:11 pnayak	hCompleted test case design for calendar existing features will be sending now for review. Triaged connector and calendar bugs. 
Jun 29 15:57:21 srag	harish, NotZed, Ill get this fixed in next few hours.. at a *HIGH* prio. Is that fine?
Jun 29 15:57:26 pnayak	testing evolution 2.3
Jun 29 15:58:10 harish	pnayak, are these test cases available for the community too ?
Jun 29 15:58:23 harish	to reuse/review/ mere reading pleasure ?
Jun 29 15:58:24 pnayak	we are planning so
Jun 29 15:58:27 nags	harish: no not yet
Jun 29 15:58:40 nags	we need to publish it in go-evolution.org
Jun 29 15:58:44 NotZed	srag: thankyou
Jun 29 15:58:53 harish	yes.
Jun 29 15:59:25 harish	anybody else - who has something to discuss ?
Jun 29 15:59:54 harish	partha ?
Jun 29 16:00:40 harish	sankar, shres, NotZed : the camel gtk-docs need some love.. they have been disabled for the last two dot releases now
Jun 29 16:01:06 harish	can one of you pl. look into it ?
Jun 29 16:01:41 shres	harish: i would love to spare some love but my hands are full. I will try my best to poke at it.
Jun 29 16:02:03 harish	thanks.. partha was working on it, iirc.. just sync up with him
Jun 29 16:02:17 shres	cool
Jun 29 16:02:23 harish	That is it then for today.. thanks everybody
