<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<!--#set var="title" value="Evolution: IRC Meeting (2005-06-29)" -->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer" -->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml" -->

<html>
<head>
	<title>2005-06-30.txt</title>
	<meta name="generator" content="irclog2html.pl 2.1 by Jeff Waugh">
	<meta name="version" content="2.1 - 27th July, 2001">
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff"><tt>
<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jun 29 15:28:15 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:28:15 *Now talking on #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:29:29 harishlets get started ...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:30:31 harishthe gnome servers are down now.. so time to tidy up all the patches :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:30:39 *Mengjie (~Mengjie@202.108.88.130) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:30:57 harishfyi.. the next unstable release 2.3.4 will be out on 1 July</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:31:51 harishonly one dot release away from the feature freeze</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:32:05 harishandre, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:34:04 harisharun joins the evolution-team and will be working on the exchange component.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:34:07 harishwelcome arun</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:34:14 harishchen : ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:34:29 chenharish: Completed the progress indication while downloading the calendar items from the server, will be commiting once the cvs server is up and we worked on build buddy :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:35:06 harishyep. the evolution HEAD snapshot rpms are available on the redcarpet.ximian.com</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>un 29 15:36:29 harishwell - my status - was working getting the snapshots  back again</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:36:29 arunharish, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:36:41 harishksh, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:37:09 harishMengjie, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:37:24 kshhi harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:37:47 kshharish: Mengjie has worked out a nice patch for gtkhtml.. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:37:58 kshso it would be committed this week sometime</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:38:02 harishcool..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:38:08 kshgal is gone</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:38:19 kshexcchange is also patched up</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:38:36 kshfurther,</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:38:43 harishand are the missing i18n stuff patched up too ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:38:53 kshi would be working on some more complex issues in gtkhtml</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:38:54 *NotZed (~notzed@ppp170-161.lns1.per1.internode.on.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:39:01 harishhi rodrigo, NotZed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:39:01 kshharish: very much</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:39:14 NotZedsorry i'm late</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:39:15 harishsankar, updates on the proxy feature ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:39:18 sankarharish: Sent a patch to evolution-patches . will be sending one more today... shres sent a mail about the usecases and screenshots to mailing lists.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:39:55 harishNotZed, the network is behaving strangely here - so we have been hopping in and out too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:40:15 Mengjiekarish: No special things</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:40:33 Mengjies/k/h/g</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:40:34 harishgreat..i would like one of you to send a short description on your design approach to e-h as well..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:40:52 sankarharish: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:41:02 harisha short note on how you manage proxy sessions, how are the esources/eaccounts handled etc..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:41:21 shresharish: will do </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:41:23 harishto catch some eyeballs for review..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:41:27 harishMengjie, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:41:39 harishNotZed, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:41:51 Mengjieharish: Not at all:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:42:25 harishi agree with NotZed on the need to discuss and communicate on e-h and e-p more than private mails</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:42:39 harish*rather than private mails</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:42:42 NotZedhmm, the inline pgp display stuff is ready once cvs is up again.  other than that, usual review/support/hacking stuff.  did a tiny bit of bug stuff late last friday night too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:43:27 *krish_ has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:43:33 harishgreat..that can go in for 2.3.4 on Friday then</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:43:41 *nags (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:43:44 harishshres, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:44:11 rodrigohi harish </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:44:36 shresI am just about finishing of an initial walk through all the code and cleaning them up. Will start mailing the code to e-p for review</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:45:10 shresalso started doing some heavy testing to find bugs on the server</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:45:16 harishNotZed, srag: on the use of mail apis in calendar - we need to take up the task at the earliest but we do not have anybody to do it right now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:46:05 harishNotZed, wouldnt it be a more practical approach to make the attachment stuff in composer more generic ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:46:28 harishthanks shres</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:46:30 shreslot of code to be reviewed. Hopefully the maintainers wont be too over burdened :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:46:37 harishsp: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:46:44 spfinished 'Folder Permissions' work. currently looking at 'Subscribe/Unsubscribe Folder' stuff (in exchange). to be finished by this Friday. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:47:04 harishthanks :).</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:47:07 harishsrag, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:47:09 sragharish, sent a patch for image resize, pending review. Send out a proposal for the new ui for attachment view, waiting for comment. meanwhile fixing some ui issues randomly</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:47:19 NotZedyeah it should really be the same object, although givne the composers' state of code that is probably a pita</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:47:34 NotZed(the same object with no references to mail or calendar)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:48:17 harishNotZed, i will update the future's page on the wiki when it is back - </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:48:50 NotZedwell getting rid of the mail code in calendar isn't future</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:49:12 harishsurf ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:49:30 *pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:49:32 surfMost of the code for exchange features is now made exchange component independent and is being integrated. Hopefully July1st tarball should it all integrated. We are into code reviews and bug fixing for the coming week.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:50:05 harishNotZed, removing that stuff might be tricky at this point..let me take a better look at it and mail e-h </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:50:23 harishsurf: Great !!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:50:29 harishsush, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:50:38 sushthis week mostly reviews for api test framework and test cases.. currently looking at addressbook defects..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:51:05 harishand are we getting hpj's patch in for Friday ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:51:23 sushyes.. but it doesn't solve the problem fully ..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:51:38 sushdoesn't work with groupwise system address book</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:51:42 harishNotZed, i totally agree it is indeed ugly atm</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:52:00 NotZedumm well no, it snot ugly</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:52:03 NotZedits totally unacceptable</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:52:26 harishsush: ok. i leave it to you to make the call</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:52:32 harishviren, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:52:37 NotZedthis is not a point for discussion.  you simply cannot call mail component code from outside f the mail component, i was quite explicit in the email and i expect it to get fixed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:52:42 NotZedat a priority</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:52:58 virenharish, tested delegate feature and found few bugs.those will be filed once the servers are up , now working on attachment options  in the event editor for an non attendee.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:53:23 harishviren, cool. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:53:45 harishchen: we also need to get the recurrence fixes in this week..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:54:04 chenharish, yes will be doing that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:54:32 harishi'll join you with that task..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:54:40 harishwherever you need me :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:54:47 harishvivek_, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:54:49 pnayakharish: I will update at last, i was in meeting</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:54:55 vivek_just about to finish junk mail handling stuff, the new hook is all set to be committed,  with spam junk plugin. The groupwise part has couple of issues, most likely will get resolved in a day or two</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:55:15 harishNotZed, yes.. i shall look into it today and get back on this</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:55:40 harishvivek_, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:55:43 harishnags, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:55:44 chenharish, fine :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:55:51 nagsWrote address book test-cases. Got feedback from sushma. Need to incorporate them in the test-cases.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:55:52 nagsAs usual bug triaging [uncofirmed bugs]</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:55:52 nagsStarted testing Evolution 2.3 [Mostly Groupwise and IMAP]</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:56:19 nagsthats it...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:56:50 harishcool and i hope the rug snapshots will keep rolling out to you henceforth</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:57:00 harishpnayak, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:57:02 nagsya</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:57:04 *krish_ (~rkrishnan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:57:11 pnayakhCompleted test case design for calendar existing features will be sending now for review. Triaged connector and calendar bugs. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:57:21 sragharish, NotZed, Ill get this fixed in next few hours.. at a *HIGH* prio. Is that fine?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:57:26 pnayaktesting evolution 2.3</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:58:10 harishpnayak, are these test cases available for the community too ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:58:23 harishto reuse/review/ mere reading pleasure ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:58:24 pnayakwe are planning so</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:58:27 nagsharish: no not yet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:58:40 nagswe need to publish it in go-evolution.org</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:58:44 NotZedsrag: thankyou</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:58:53 harishyes.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:59:25 harishanybody else - who has something to discuss ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 15:59:54 harishpartha ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 16:00:40 harishsankar, shres, NotZed : the camel gtk-docs need some love.. they have been disabled for the last two dot releases now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 16:01:06 harishcan one of you pl. look into it ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 16:01:41 shresharish: i would love to spare some love but my hands are full. I will try my best to poke at it.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 16:02:03 harishthanks.. partha was working on it, iirc.. just sync up with him</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 16:02:17 shrescool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 29 16:02:23 harishThat is it then for today.. thanks everybody</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!
</tt></body></html>
<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->
