<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
	<title>2005-06-08.txt</title>
	<meta name="generator" content="irclog2html.pl 2.1 by Jeff Waugh">
	<meta name="version" content="2.1 - 27th July, 2001">
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff"><tt>
<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:37:17 &lt;harish&gt;we can start now, i guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:37:18 --&gt;ksh (~kaushal@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:37:40 --&gt;shres (~shreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:37:50 --&gt;surf (~surf@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:38:04 &lt;partha&gt;i think michael is sleeping</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:38:34 &lt;harish&gt;updates from my side - We released 2.2.3 (stable version) last week and 2.3.3 (HEAD) today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:38:37 --&gt;rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:38:39 --&gt;srag (~sragavan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:39:10 --&gt;viren (~viren@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:39:13 &lt;harish&gt;lots of new stuff in today's release - primarily the plugin loader stuff from NotZed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:02 &lt;harish&gt;and plenty of news - Evolution on windows</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:03 --&gt;pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:09 &lt;harish&gt;delegation of events etc.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:14 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;lol. it's 12:00 here :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:17 &lt;harish&gt;and more ui changes in the offing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:18 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;dinner etc :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:26 --&gt;andre (~andre@81.209.204.43) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:28 &lt;harish&gt;ah..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:31 &lt;harish&gt;hi andre </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:36 &lt;andre&gt;murn :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:38 &lt;ksh&gt;hi pvanhoof</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:44 &lt;harish&gt;hi rodrigo , pvanhoof </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:40:58 --&gt;seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-15-72.w83-194.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:41:02 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;but that might take some more minutes (before the other dudes here start yelling I have to come for dinner)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:41:03 &lt;harish&gt;so lets quickly get around the room</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:41:04 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;hey</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:41:18 &lt;harish&gt;andre, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:41:49 &lt;harish&gt;chen ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:41:53 --&gt;varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:41:54 &lt;andre&gt;no (been working on the faq and retargetting old bugs &lt;=2.1)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:42:34 &lt;harish&gt;great</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:42:35 --&gt;nicel (~mnicel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:42:39 &lt;harish&gt;ganesh, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:42:59 &lt;ganesh&gt;nothing much,,have been working with Kaushal on knowledge tranfer and releaed GTKHTMl 3.7.2</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:43:33 &lt;harish&gt;that reminds me.. Kaushal (ksh) would be our gtkhtml contact guy henceforth..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:43:53 &lt;chen&gt;harish, committed the delegate support for groupwise and some patch reviews</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:43:53 &lt;ksh&gt;yep</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:43:54 &lt;harish&gt;ksh was earlier handling the retiring of gal</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:44:19 &lt;harish&gt;and jess joins us in the evolution team.. welcome jess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:44:20 &lt;ksh&gt;gal work is almost over.. only cvs surgery needs to be done now..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:44:40 &lt;jess&gt;thanks harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:44:52 &lt;harish&gt;ksh, so are we targetting gal inside evo for 2.3.4 ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:45:14 &lt;harish&gt;nags_, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:45:18 &lt;andre&gt;so what are we doing with all the GAL bugs in bugzilla?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:00 --&gt;tml (~tml@MCDXLVII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:01 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;we could ask the gnome-bugzilla maintainer to move those to a component of evo?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:07 &lt;tml&gt;sorry, forgot</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:09 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;no?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:20 &lt;ksh&gt;harish: jpr is going to do the cvs surgery.. so, it depends </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:20 &lt;harish&gt;yes.. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:24 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;hey tml (again, nice job on the win32 porting and the screenshot)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:28 &lt;andre&gt;hmm, ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:33 &lt;harish&gt;though i still need to ping him about that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:44 &lt;harish&gt;partha, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:46:53 &lt;harish&gt;hi tml </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:47:10 &lt;partha&gt;harish: fixed a couple of bugs on the groupwise provider.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:47:35 &lt;partha&gt;currently working on the offline issue of the CamelOfflineStore..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:47:38 &lt;harish&gt;ksh: pl. do keep tml, haip in the loop while these changes are being done</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:47:50 &lt;partha&gt;getting it to work fine basically.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:47:57 &lt;harish&gt;:) thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:48:15 &lt;ksh&gt;harish: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:48:17 &lt;partha&gt;harish: thanks </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:48:44 &lt;harish&gt;rodrigo, we have the Marcus Bains line in now, though it requires a gconf restart</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:48:56 &lt;harish&gt;sankar, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:49:08 &lt;sankar&gt;harish: Working on proxy. Discussing with Preston for server related issues. Few bugs are filed and few are resolved.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:49:36 &lt;harish&gt;and when do we get to see some cool screenshots :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:49:49 &lt;sankar&gt;By monday hopefully</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:49:55 &lt;harish&gt;great !!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:14 &lt;harish&gt;seb128, srag has responded to your queries, i believe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:31 &lt;seb128&gt;harish: yep, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:33 &lt;harish&gt;shres, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:41 &lt;ksh&gt;hi seb128</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:44 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish: yes, talked with chen yesterday about ut+</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:45 &lt;seb128&gt;hey ksh </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:46 &lt;rodrigo&gt;it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:52 &lt;ksh&gt;seb128: were u looking for me</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:50:55 &lt;harish&gt;seb128, more ui changes in the pipeline</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:51:21 &lt;harish&gt;srag, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:51:45 &lt;seb128&gt;ksh: I've some gtkhtml crashers/loops, just wanted to get an opinion on the bugs/know if I can provide useful details or help to track them, harish pointed you as for gtkhtml issues</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:51:55 &lt;srag&gt;yep harish.. commited offline gw sab delta sync</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:52:03 &lt;srag&gt;doing some attachment ui changes.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:52:05 &lt;seb128&gt;harish: ok, I'm going to package 2.3.3 today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:52:36 &lt;shres&gt;Working on the groupwise proxy stuff with Sankar. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:52:46 &lt;srag&gt;today i did a function to set/reset busy cursor, so that the status can be conveyed to user</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:00 &lt;ksh&gt;seb128: cool, i saw the bug about the blank lines crasher.. will be debugging it soon</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:00 &lt;harish&gt;seb128, you may need to add the 'restart gconf' notes for the Marcus Bains line when you do the packaging</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:05 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;seb128, ksh indeed. I've had loops while composing an e-mail. Loops that made my laptop hang for 20 seconds. I'm guessing loops in the spell correction stuff</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:08 &lt;srag&gt;harish, tried it on mailer.. it was cool.. so will be commiting to e-utils/e-cursor</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:12 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;lots of IO etc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:15 &lt;harish&gt;srag, cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:23 &lt;harish&gt;surf, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:26 &lt;srag&gt;harish, if one needs to show busy can use it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:39 &lt;surf&gt;Made two releases, the new UI changes for exchange are all ready now, been testing the integration. Planning to merge the branch into HEAD after discussion</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:53:53 &lt;harish&gt;srag, pl. send a mail to e-h on how to use your function </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:03 &lt;srag&gt;sure will do that.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:09 &lt;seb128&gt;harish: .deb packages send a SIGHUP to gconfd after installation which reloads the gconf base, should be enough no?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:13 &lt;harish&gt;so individual modules can decide where / how to use it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:25 &lt;ksh&gt;pvanhoof: ok.. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:39 &lt;ksh&gt;pvanhoof: do u have a trace of that </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:43 &lt;harish&gt;seb128, should suffice, perhaps. not sure</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:46 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;ksh, sorry, nop :-(</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:52 &lt;ksh&gt;pvanhoof: np ..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:52 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;ksh, my kernel killed the process</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:54:59 &lt;harish&gt;surf : thx. sush ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:55:04 &lt;seb128&gt;harish: k, I'll be careful with that, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:55:12 &lt;sush&gt;working on cache progress indication and offline handler stuff..for address book</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:56:08 &lt;harish&gt;sush:thx</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:56:18 &lt;harish&gt;tml : you have got some cool stuff to share ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:56:39 &lt;tml&gt;got (most of) evolution to build, the ui looks more or less fine, but of course lots of warning spew out, will have a look at the local camel backends first</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:56:51 &lt;partha&gt;cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:57:06 &lt;tml&gt;two screenshots at www.iki.fi/tml/evo-sshot-1.gif</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:57:07 &lt;harish&gt;sush, since i have reverted the 'modal' nature of name selector dialog, you need to work on that issue</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:57:11 &lt;tml&gt;and -2.gif</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:57:27 &lt;harish&gt;tml, that was really cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:58:00 &lt;harish&gt;varadhan, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:58:10 &lt;varadhan&gt;Working on Multisync and evolution stuff.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:58:21 &lt;tml&gt;but the really hard things are yet to come, making sure the use of libgthread functionality instead of pthread works</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:58:43 &lt;varadhan&gt;Getting multisync working with evolution.  Should be able to do a basic testing today.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:58:47 &lt;harish&gt;tml, oh yes..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:59:28 &lt;harish&gt;varadhan, thats great.. and i guess, you would also looking at evo-# work for beagle</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:59:30 &lt;varadhan&gt;This will let us know the direction of (pilot/other-device-syncing) stuff in evo.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:59:42 &lt;varadhan&gt;Yes, I was about to mention that. ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:59:43 &lt;harish&gt;cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:59:47 &lt;harish&gt;viren, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 15:59:58 &lt;viren&gt;harish: 2 bug fixes in calendar, disabled event editor for non-organizer.. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:00:33 &lt;viren&gt;starting to work on calendar offline stuff..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:00:53 &lt;harish&gt;viren, oh yes. event editor changes are pretty good things</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:01:14 &lt;harish&gt;quite tricky too disabling the columns , right ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:01:21 &lt;viren&gt;yeah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:01:21 &lt;harish&gt;vivek, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:01:25 &lt;vivek&gt;merged toshok-minicard-view-branch (addressbook) with head, added missing features, created a patch and sent it for review</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:01:35 &lt;viren&gt;thx harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:01:50 &lt;harish&gt;thx viren, vivek </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:01:51 &lt;vivek&gt;now started with junk-mail handling stuff in gw-provider</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:02:03 &lt;harish&gt;vivek, you will be taking up the junk folder handling ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:02:24 &lt;vivek&gt;harish, yeah started :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:02:26 &lt;sush&gt;vivek: did u collect any performance data with the new stuff?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:02:35 &lt;harish&gt;pvanhoof, lets look into the gnome-build support too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:02:50 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:03:14 &lt;vivek&gt;sush, i collected, right now it doesn't seem to be better than the previous one</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:03:17 &lt;harish&gt;though i would like gnome-build to handle the vars in Makefile.am w/o disturbing the evo arrangement :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:03:18 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;harish, I'd say a combination of cleaning up the Makefile.am's and patching gnome-build will do the trick</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:03:44 &lt;harish&gt;yes. right</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:04:03 &lt;harish&gt;does anybody else has anything to add / discuss</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:04:19 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;the thing is also that with clean makefiles, more IDE's (not using gnome-build) can parse them</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:04:37 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;doing fancy tricks is cool but .. :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:05:18 &lt;harish&gt;yes.. though i think they are as they are now bcoz of good reasons</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:05:41 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;gtg. dinner :) I'll be back in .. 30 minutes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:05:48 &lt;harish&gt;we need to test it on diff platforms to make sure we are not breaking something</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:05:54 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:06:14 &lt;harish&gt;yup..thats it then  ? anyone else wants to say something ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:06:19 &lt;tml&gt;should something be done about the large number of shared libs, isn't that detrimental to performance on linux, too? why do the -a11y libs have to be separate, for instance?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:07:08 &lt;harish&gt;tml, no easy answers there</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:07:28 --&gt;brix (~brix@smtp.gentoo.org) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:07:41 &lt;harish&gt;we could start discussing that on a case by case basis</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:07:55 &lt;--nicel has quit (Leaving)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:08:17 &lt;--ksh (~kaushal@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:08:19 &lt;harish&gt;all right.. then.. lets get back to work.. thanks all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:08:33 &lt;varadhan&gt;bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:08:39 &lt;--varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:08:42 &lt;--viren (~viren@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:08:43 &lt;harish&gt;would love to see more blog posts on what all of you are working on</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:08:44 &lt;--surf (~surf@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:09:10 *tml will try to blog more often</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 08 16:09:18 &lt;tml&gt;bye all</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!
</tt></body></html>