**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed May 18 15:33:03 2005

May 18 15:33:22 -->	sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 15:33:26 <harish>	lets wait for one more minute before we start
May 18 15:34:57 <harish>	lets begin then..
May 18 15:35:02 -->	rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 15:35:29 <NotZed>	*burp*
May 18 15:35:48 <harish>	For updates from my side - i just released the tarballs for the evo 2.3.2 release along with the corresponding versions for..
May 18 15:35:59 <harish>	eds and gal 
May 18 15:36:27 <harish>	The two major 'features?' in this release are the menu layout changes and
May 18 15:36:47 <harish>	the plugins (mono and profiler)
May 18 15:37:18 <harish>	along with all the i18n fixes we did during the hackfest
May 18 15:38:01 <NotZed>	the mono plugin engine isn't new
May 18 15:38:39 <harish>	The other thing that i wanted to share is about the revival of bug days
May 18 15:39:10 <harish>	NotZed, oh right..
May 18 15:39:40 <harish>	nags: would you like to give a brief about the same
May 18 15:39:52 <nags>	Ya
May 18 15:39:59 <nags>	Total unconfirmed bugs - 322
May 18 15:40:04 -->	andre (~andre@81.209.204.128) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 15:40:12 <nags>	and the perday, we are getting approx 20 bugs
May 18 15:40:22 <nags>	and I'm able to clear most of them
May 18 15:40:31 <nags>	but there are some backlogs
May 18 15:41:02 <nags>	let us clean-up the unconfirmed bugs
May 18 15:41:09 -->	sp (~shakti@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 15:41:26 <nags>	Planed for a bug day Tuesday (24-May-2005)
May 18 15:42:11 <nags>	Let me generate the query and post in go-evolution.org and let us all work on that...
May 18 15:42:16 <nags>	thanks guys
May 18 15:42:36 <harish>	NotZed, i was referring to the Camel/Evolution.cs additions..
May 18 15:43:04 <NotZed>	ok
May 18 15:43:04 <harish>	nags, you can mail to e-h detailing your expectations..
May 18 15:43:26 <harish>	andre: do you have anything for us this week ?
May 18 15:43:31 <nags>	okay, thanks harish
May 18 15:43:52 <andre>	no, nothing special
May 18 15:44:15 <harish>	chen , ?
May 18 15:44:17 <chen>	harish, reviewed some patches, started the work for delegate support in calendars
May 18 15:44:25 <chen>	harish, list moderation
May 18 15:44:33 <chen>	harish, was working with build buddy to add channels for suse 93,  still no luck
May 18 15:44:37 <harish>	this would be for GW, Exchange and the file backend right ?
May 18 15:44:57 <chen>	harish, this would be for groupwise/file backends
May 18 15:45:10 <harish>	oh.. ok
May 18 15:45:13 <harish>	thanks chen
May 18 15:45:17 <harish>	haip ?
May 18 15:45:18 <chen>	harish, am not sure with exchange
May 18 15:45:35 <haip>	harish: still the GAL patch. How is it going?
May 18 15:45:46 haip harish May 18 15:46:04 <harish>	haip : ksh is wrapping it up this week , i guess
May 18 15:46:13 <haip>	ok, I willl wait
May 18 15:46:25 <haip>	no other things here.
May 18 15:46:31 <harish>	thanks haip
May 18 15:46:35 <nags>	haip: Aginesh is testing your patch
May 18 15:46:47 <haip>	nags: thanks
May 18 15:47:02 <haip>	nags: through LDTP?
May 18 15:47:14 <harish>	NotZed, updates for us and may be a little about the eplugin hackfest we are planning tomorrow
May 18 15:47:19 <nags>	haip: No... :) Using GOK
May 18 15:47:32 <haip>	nags: ok, that works too.
May 18 15:47:35 <NotZed>	well i did some work on an eplugin talk, that took a while
May 18 15:47:41 <nags>	haip: cool
May 18 15:47:54 <NotZed>	i was working a little on a remote-mail access plugin last week; a corba interface to email
May 18 15:48:04 <rodrigo>	cool
May 18 15:48:14 <NotZed>	and i did some work on the importer plugin hooks, but the design is still messy
May 18 15:48:24 -->	mnagashree (~mnagashre@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 15:48:29 -->	shilpa_qa (~shilpa_qa@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 15:48:31 -->	pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 15:48:32 <NotZed>	also did some work on the mono bindings to camel and the plugin system, its in cvs although doesn't build/etc
May 18 15:48:34 <krish_>	nags:  So, is he able to reproduce the issue first ?
May 18 15:48:49 <NotZed>	also did some work on external plugin building, mail plugins can be done externally now
May 18 15:49:12 <NotZed>	the hackfest, nothing really beyond the posts to the list, e.g. i did a tnef plugin today as a demo
May 18 15:49:20 <nags>	krish_: He is working on it, now...
May 18 15:49:22 <harish>	NotZed : wow.
May 18 15:49:35 <nags>	krish_: will update you in another 30 minutes
May 18 15:49:45 <krish_>	nags:  sure, thanks
May 18 15:49:56 <harish>	we could also poll the bugzilla with the eplugin keyword for ideas , right ?
May 18 15:50:03 <NotZed>	thats about all i can remember
May 18 15:50:22 <NotZed>	yeah, i asked about that on th elists, some of the guys have updated the keywords a bit
May 18 15:50:50 <NotZed>	not all of those with the keyword can/should be plugins though, so it is only rough
May 18 15:51:05 <harish>	ok. guys.. do post on e-h if you have some cool ideas that we can take up tomorrow on the hackfest
May 18 15:51:19 <harish>	Thanks NotZed
May 18 15:51:25 <harish>	partha ?
May 18 15:51:27 <krish_>	harish:  Surf has some for exchange I guess
May 18 15:51:44 <partha>	harish: i committed a few patches on the stable branch
May 18 15:51:54 <krish_>	harish:  You can ping him after this meeting to understand more...
May 18 15:51:55 <krish_>	.
May 18 15:52:00 <harish>	krish_, sure
May 18 15:52:03 <partha>	harish: currently working on the junk mail issue for GW.
May 18 15:52:15 <harish>	maybe he could post it to e-h as well
May 18 15:52:20 <partha>	harish: thats about it for last week.
May 18 15:52:35 <harish>	cool
May 18 15:52:40 <harish>	ganesh ?
May 18 15:52:47 <ganesh>	released gtkhtml 3.7.1 (with bug fixes), did bug triaging and got rid of several pendng bugs, commted a fix and have fix for 3 more crashes would commit this week after review.
May 18 15:53:05 <ganesh>	also wrote some testcases for inline objects editing..
May 18 15:53:08 <ganesh>	thats all..
May 18 15:53:18 <harish>	and we are also initiating some triaging work on gtkhtml ,right ?
May 18 15:53:38 <harish>	thx
May 18 15:53:39 <ganesh>	yeah it going on..two testers are doing that..
May 18 15:53:42 <harish>	pnayak, ?
May 18 15:53:46 <pnayak>	Wrote few 'Interoperability' testcases, started with 'Groupwise client' ->'Evolution client', reproduced a critical bug, (unfortunatly .. :)) happens in Debian only, traiged 'Calendar' & few my connector bugs bugs 
May 18 15:54:09 <nags>	krish_: Aginesh, able to reproduce the bug. I guess he will contact ksh for the patch to update on the test-box
May 18 15:54:13 <harish>	thanks
May 18 15:54:19 <krish_>	nags:  excellent
May 18 15:54:21 <pnayak>	that's all i remember
May 18 15:54:22 <harish>	rodrigo, ?
May 18 15:54:38 <rodrigo>	design docs and API docs, which are now published in the website
May 18 15:55:00 <rodrigo>	some patch review, and sent my patches for VJOURNAL support
May 18 15:55:01 <--	partha has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))
May 18 15:55:07 <harish>	yeah :) and the vjournal stuff too
May 18 15:55:20 <rodrigo>	which I'll continue working on on my free time
May 18 15:55:28 <harish>	sure.. thanks :)
May 18 15:55:36 <harish>	sankar, ?
May 18 15:55:55 <sankar>	harish: Discussed with srini, the ui for proxy and
May 18 15:56:20 <harish>	thx.. shilpa_qa ?
May 18 15:56:21 <sankar>	have sent a mail to Tim Draper oin the list of bugs, API Reqmts
May 18 15:56:27 <shilpa_qa>	did sanity testing for NLD SP2 Beta4 release, triaged a few bugs, wrote test cases for the mailer component and filed a few bugs
May 18 15:56:52 <harish>	cool.. thanks. shres ?
May 18 15:57:01 <sankar>	harish: Made a patch for #237844 also
May 18 15:57:17 <harish>	sp ?
May 18 15:57:31 <sp>	harish: Removed the EvolutionWizard dependency in exchange to fix the build error.
May 18 15:57:46 <sp>	looking into exchange account setup code
May 18 15:57:54 <harish>	ah.. yes they were removed in evo earlier
May 18 15:58:01 <shres>	I closed/fixed all the Imap4/ Groupwise offline issues. Progressed more on the mac build and also started hacking on groupwise proxy support. Also have a couple of fixes for camel which i need to commit
May 18 15:58:23 shilpa_qa shres May 18 15:58:42 -->	nicel (~mnicel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 15:58:46 <harish>	shres, great..i guess some bugzilla updation needs to be done though ..
May 18 15:58:57 <harish>	srag, ?
May 18 15:59:09 <srag>	yep harish
May 18 15:59:16 <shres>	harish: nope, i did close the offline issues which were fixed
May 18 15:59:39 <srag>	harish, removed the expander for the attachment ui
May 18 15:59:57 <srag>	harish, closed few bugs during the hackfest.. i guess 3
May 18 16:00:07 <harish>	any progress on the usability review for your search changes
May 18 16:00:08 -->	partha (~partha@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 16:00:16 <srag>	harish, then im currently working on the GW SAB offline syncing
May 18 16:00:34 <srag>	harish, nope.. i couldnt get a reply from anna
May 18 16:00:44 <srag>	harish, what shall i do on this case
May 18 16:01:03 <srag>	harish, prolly i can mail her again ;-)
May 18 16:01:05 <harish>	srag, we have a meeting later today - pl. bring up the GW SAB Deltas issue ..
May 18 16:01:10 -->	rocky (~praveen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 16:01:22 <krish_>	srag:  Did you try pinging her on #chrome ?
May 18 16:01:22 <ganesh>	srag, any impact on gtkhtml on your work on removing the attachment UI expander ?
May 18 16:01:25 <srag>	harish, mailed tim about that and also re-opened the bug
May 18 16:01:41 <srag>	ganesh, NULL :-)
May 18 16:01:45 <harish>	srag, we could prolly ping again or get the stuff committed..guess dobey is on a vacation
May 18 16:01:52 <srag>	ganesh, its totally seperate.
May 18 16:01:53 <ganesh>	srag, thanks..
May 18 16:02:02 <ganesh>	sweet...
May 18 16:02:08 <srag>	harish, i go with the second option
May 18 16:02:10 <harish>	surf, ?
May 18 16:02:14 <surf>	2.3.2 release, patch reviews, more meetings and talks, exchange ui design finalization
May 18 16:02:27 <surf>	guess ,, thats all
May 18 16:02:27 <harish>	:)
May 18 16:02:32 <harish>	thanks
May 18 16:02:35 <harish>	tml ?
May 18 16:02:39 <tml>	been looking into camel, wondering what to do about certain serious issues
May 18 16:02:46 <tml>	mainly the fact that file descriptors and sockets are quite different on win32
May 18 16:02:53 <tml>	you can't select() a file descriptor, you can't read() a socket
May 18 16:03:01 <tml>	camel mixes them quite freely (the camel-stream-fs stuff)
May 18 16:03:10 <tml>	even pondering a bit whether to write an own partial c library/wrapper/whatever that would cover the differences
May 18 16:03:50 <harish>	tml, hmm..
May 18 16:04:05 -->	scott_ (~scott@CPE-60-229-190-6.nsw.bigpond.net.au) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 16:04:09 <NotZed>	oh dear, that sounds difficult
May 18 16:04:15 <NotZed>	are you saying the windows posix laye rdoesn't work?
May 18 16:04:58 -->	tml_ (~tml@CDIV.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 16:05:06 <tml_>	oops, sorry, did you get that?
May 18 16:05:27 <NotZed>	are you saying the posix layer doesn't work on windows?
May 18 16:05:33 <NotZed>	thats rather problematic
May 18 16:05:38 <tml_>	well, windows isn't posix
May 18 16:05:53 <tml_>	the microsoft c library has open()/close()/read()/write()
May 18 16:05:56 <NotZed>	unfortunately, evolution relies on it
May 18 16:05:59 <harish>	uneumann, your patches (leak fixes) are part of today's release
May 18 16:06:07 <tml_>	and then there is winsock that implements the bsd socket API
May 18 16:06:17 <harish>	viren, ?
May 18 16:06:25 <tml_>	but they don't really know about each others
May 18 16:06:31 <uneumann>	Nice. I'm the "greenhorn" here :-). Currenlty I'm looking at bug 214645 to learn more about hacking Evo.
May 18 16:06:51 <viren>	working on a bug in GAL,fixed bug #271541 in calendar
May 18 16:06:52 -->	tml__ (~tml@CDIV.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
May 18 16:07:05 <--	scott_ (~scott@CPE-60-229-190-6.nsw.bigpond.net.au) has left #evolution-meet
May 18 16:07:07 <tml_>	is it really necessary to have cancellable i/o to/from regular files?
May 18 16:07:11 <NotZed>	might have to create windows specific streams, we can't make a pigs breakfast of the code just for the sake of incompatability
May 18 16:07:22 <harish>	vivek, ?
May 18 16:07:31 <vivek>	inserted some profiling points in addressbook and calendar components (need to get approval before i commit them) collected some data put on wiki..hackfest:fixed some bugs, started off with the gw-plugins consolidation stuff
May 18 16:07:45 <harish>	uneumann, interesting bug
May 18 16:07:51 <harish>	thanks vivek
May 18 16:07:59 <harish>	did i miss anyone ?
May 18 16:08:07 <uneumann>	Needs some thinking.
May 18 16:08:19 <surf>	harish, rocky is our new member :)
May 18 16:08:34 <harish>	hi rocky
May 18 16:08:37 <--	tml__ has quit (Leaving)
May 18 16:08:39 <rocky>	Hello
May 18 16:08:43 <harish>	hows been the first week in evo ?
May 18 16:09:03 <rocky>	It is interesting.
May 18 16:09:10 <rocky>	I will be working on the connector
May 18 16:09:19 <harish>	cool. Is there anything else that somebody wants to discuss
May 18 16:09:33 <rocky>	To start with I am reading the architure of evo and connector, looking at some bugs
May 18 16:10:25 <harish>	that is it then, i guess for today.. Thanks all. See you at the hackfest tomorrow !!
May 18 16:10:36 <tml_>	notzed: that's why i have given some thought to writing a wrapper library that would unify sockets and file descriptors and make them more posixlike
May 18 16:10:38 <--	sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet
May 18 16:10:41 <nags>	bye
M
