**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jul 13 15:25:04 2005

Jul 13 15:25:04 *	Now talking on #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:25:27 *	karthik (~karthik@203.129.195.132) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:25:40 *	arun (~arun@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:26:06 *	NotZed (~notzed@ppp170-161.lns1.per1.internode.on.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:26:30 *	parag (~pp@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:26:53 harish_meet	lets wait a couple of more minutes before we start
Jul 13 15:27:20 *	srag_ has quit (Remote closed the connection)
Jul 13 15:28:22 harish_meet	ok..lets begin ... Updates from my side..
Jul 13 15:28:37 *	sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:29:00 harish_meet	Evolution 2.3.5.1 is ready.. as i speak to you, i am testing it out and will roll it out in another few minutes
Jul 13 15:29:37 *	rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:29:38 harish_meet	we are also set to start off our formal testing cycles from tomorrow - a complete end-to-end testing of evo
Jul 13 15:30:24 *	krish_ (~rkrishnan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:30:36 *	varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:30:44 harish_meet	we are past the module /feature freeze and heading for the UI freeze in a couple of weeks
Jul 13 15:31:10 harish_meet	so expect a flurry of bugs and busy days ahead :-)
Jul 13 15:31:15 harish_meet	lets get around the room
Jul 13 15:31:21 harish_meet	andre, anything for us ?
Jul 13 15:31:25 *	tml (~tml@MCCCLXXVI.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:31:38 andre	NotZed, too many tests at the university currently. :-(   is there any chance to see somebody working on i18n issues/bug 236276 before string freeze takes place? (i know you all have much to do, sigh) :-/
Jul 13 15:31:49 andre	hmm. "notzed" should have been "no".
Jul 13 15:31:55 andre	i love autocompletion :-)
Jul 13 15:31:58 *	bandini (~Arturo@nat.xsec.it) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:32:28 *	nags (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:32:41 *	pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:32:45 harish_meet	andre: i am recommending krish_ who is managing the evolution QA to shuffle his plans to accomodate string freeze deadlines
Jul 13 15:32:49 *	srag_ (~sragavan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:32:58 harish_meet	thanks
Jul 13 15:33:02 harish_meet	arun, ?
Jul 13 15:33:03 srag_	sorry guys... just rebooted my machine.
Jul 13 15:33:04 andre	would be graet, thanks :-)
Jul 13 15:33:31 arun	arun, yes
Jul 13 15:33:43 harish_meet	bandini, just rolling out evo-2.3.5.1 that really builds ;-)
Jul 13 15:33:45 *	shilpa_qa (~shilpa_qa@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:33:54 harish_meet	chen: ?
Jul 13 15:34:12 chen	harish: fixing bugs, patch review, and the gw reccurrence patch is in
Jul 13 15:34:37 harish_meet	cool..and i guess the bb is back on track
Jul 13 15:34:45 harish_meet	karthik, ?
Jul 13 15:34:57 arun	harish_meet, fixing bugs
Jul 13 15:35:03 *	nicel (~mnicel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:35:05 chen	yes :)
Jul 13 15:35:16 harish_meet	krish_, nags : updates from QA ?
Jul 13 15:35:19 *	shres (~sshreyas@59.92.130.173) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:35:36 nags	harish_meet: Hi
Jul 13 15:35:37 nags	Executed menu reorganization test-cases
Jul 13 15:35:37 nags	testlink based testplan setup
Jul 13 15:35:37 nags	bug triaging
Jul 13 15:35:46 *	shaheed (~shaheed@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:35:56 krish_	krish_:  The initial plan for Evolution 2.4 Testing is ready 
Jul 13 15:35:59 nags	also setup one ubuntu box for evolution testing
Jul 13 15:36:08 krish_	harish_meet:   The initial plan for Evolution 2.4 Testing is ready 
Jul 13 15:36:13 nags	need to setup FC4 for evo testing
Jul 13 15:36:31 harish_meet	nags: the debian crash bug is just a set up issue, i guess.. a clean restart of bonobo should fix it
Jul 13 15:36:33 krish_	harish_meet:  We are starting our first cycle from tomorrow
Jul 13 15:36:33 nags	Getting Exchange setup ready with the help of surf
Jul 13 15:36:41 harish_meet	krish_, thanks
Jul 13 15:36:57 nags	harish_meet: also setting GW server setup with different POA
Jul 13 15:37:03 harish_meet	NotZed, ?
Jul 13 15:37:11 nags	with the help of Novell Bangalore IS&T
Jul 13 15:37:14 *	surfy (~surfy@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:37:16 harish_meet	nags, which version would be it ?
Jul 13 15:37:24 nags	harish_meet: version of ?
Jul 13 15:37:28 harish_meet	GW
Jul 13 15:37:32 *	prav33n (~praveen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:37:48 nags	harish_meet: Latest build recommended by sankar
Jul 13 15:37:51 harish_meet	pnayak, ?
Jul 13 15:37:54 nags	on SLES
Jul 13 15:38:01 pnayak	pnayak:Bug traiging, UWcalendar caldav server setup(not working with latest snapshot :)), installed caldav client
Jul 13 15:38:05 pnayak	sorry
Jul 13 15:38:06 *	sp (~shakti@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:38:14 sankar	harish_meet: nags : They can install whatever build they have. we can later update the agents so that we are in sync
Jul 13 15:38:22 NotZed	converted the importers to eplugin
Jul 13 15:38:33 NotZed	wasted time reviewing patches
Jul 13 15:38:36 pnayak	testetd delegation metting in GW
Jul 13 15:38:45 NotZed	wasted time trying to improve imap startup
Jul 13 15:38:48 *	shaheed has quit (Remote closed the connection)
Jul 13 15:39:04 pnayak	testetd delegation meeting in GW
Jul 13 15:39:08 *	haip (~haip@202.108.88.130) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:39:19 harish_meet	NotZed, that time still adds value to the project :-)
Jul 13 15:39:55 *	prem (~prem@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:39:57 harish_meet	sankar, nags: pl. ensure whatever build you deploy is not older than what dave_largo is planning to deploy
Jul 13 15:40:09 nags	harish_meet: okay
Jul 13 15:40:14 sankar	harish_meet: Yeah we will see to that
Jul 13 15:40:19 harish_meet	thanks NotZed
Jul 13 15:40:23 harish_meet	prav33n, ?
Jul 13 15:40:33 nags	harish_meet: prem is working on evolution automation using LDTP
Jul 13 15:40:48 harish_meet	prem : welcome and a big hi from all of us
Jul 13 15:41:00 prem	harish_meet: Hi
Jul 13 15:41:14 prav33n	harish_meet: Finished the Folder hierarchy support and delegation assistant for exchange as E-Plugins
Jul 13 15:41:31 harish_meet	thanks prav33n. hey rodrigo
Jul 13 15:41:35 prav33n	And right now working on bug fixes
Jul 13 15:41:36 rodrigo	hi
Jul 13 15:41:37 *	incognito (~mubeenj@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:42:16 varadhan	harish_meet, incognito (mubeen) is working on evolution-conduits.
Jul 13 15:42:20 *	harish_meet remembers to add rights to the new exchange hackers on bugzilla
Jul 13 15:42:29 prem	harish_meet:  i am working on evolution mailer automation using LDTP 
Jul 13 15:42:43 rodrigo	harish_meet: nothing from me :)
Jul 13 15:42:44 harish_meet	ah..great. incognito : welcome
Jul 13 15:42:59 harish_meet	its nice to have you, nevertheless
Jul 13 15:43:06 prem	harish_meet: and planing to automate contacts,calendar,tasks
Jul 13 15:43:07 harish_meet	sankar, ?
Jul 13 15:43:10 incognito	harish_meet: thx
Jul 13 15:43:10 sankar	harish_meet: Committed code for the proxy feature. Filed a few known bugs and fixing them. Incorporating few code changes suggested out earlier.
Jul 13 15:43:47 harish_meet	the proxy code review inputs need to get in asap..
Jul 13 15:44:08 shres	harish_meet: sure, we are doing it right away 
Jul 13 15:44:09 sankar	harish_meet: Yeah ... we are doing it in high priority
Jul 13 15:44:15 harish_meet	thanks guys
Jul 13 15:44:22 surfy	harish_meet, is there some problem in the e-p list ? looks like we arent getting any mails though they are present in the archives
Jul 13 15:44:29 harish_meet	shilpa_qa, anything for us ?
Jul 13 15:44:47 shilpa_qa	executed the menu reorg test cases for mailer, gwise sanity test cases
Jul 13 15:44:48 *	Mengjie (~Mengjie@202.108.88.130) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:44:55 harish_meet	shres:?
Jul 13 15:45:07 shilpa_qa	filed about 9-10 bugs
Jul 13 15:45:31 harish_meet	shres: more work on MAC coming up.. waiting for some cool screenshots of 2.3.x on MAC :-)
Jul 13 15:45:33 shres	hey, got the proxy code in over the weekend, fixed a trivial camel doc issue, started looking into one mailer requirement for beagle and usual mac evolution head banging 
Jul 13 15:45:45 harish_meet	sp: ?
Jul 13 15:45:51 sp	completed the Subscribe/Unsubscribe folder, committed it, worked on Folder Permission (basically removed the *option_menu and used combo box)
Jul 13 15:46:01 harish_meet	thanks
Jul 13 15:46:04 shres	harish_meet: heh, fixed one bonobo issue filed patch upstream but "the story never ends"
Jul 13 15:46:05 harish_meet	srag_, ?
Jul 13 15:46:18 sp	now bug fixing
Jul 13 15:46:33 srag_	harish_meet, just sent the patch for attachment ui. Ill be taking up the code cleanup for the e-attachment* and 
Jul 13 15:46:55 srag_	harish_meet, some bugs that are reported by qa on the menu re-org
Jul 13 15:47:09 harish_meet	right - we need to wrap up the ui changes before the freeze
Jul 13 15:47:33 harish_meet	thanks, surfy: ?
Jul 13 15:47:35 srag_	sure  harish_meet .. some 25 bugs are reported by them
Jul 13 15:47:53 srag_	ill be looking at things parallely.
Jul 13 15:47:58 surfy	integrating exchange features and fixing some bugs from that. made the 2.3.5 release. and yes, now you dont see the Exchange button :-)
Jul 13 15:48:17 *	harish_meet is my hero
Jul 13 15:48:21 harish_meet	oops..
Jul 13 15:48:26 harish_meet	surfy is my hero
Jul 13 15:48:29 harish_meet	:-)
Jul 13 15:48:33 srag_	:)
Jul 13 15:48:34 harish_meet	sush, ?
Jul 13 15:48:35 shres	ha ha ha
Jul 13 15:48:36 surfy	hehe
Jul 13 15:48:46 sush	fixed a few issues with addressbook..
Jul 13 15:48:47 shres	so much for self adulation 
Jul 13 15:49:10 harish_meet	after the huge goof up yesterday ;-)
Jul 13 15:49:10 srag_	yeah... :-)
Jul 13 15:49:37 harish_meet	tml, anything for us ?
Jul 13 15:49:46 tml	wasted some time on head banging over issues that turned out to be cross-platform problems after all. committed some build stuff. started testing mail reading once I got past the startup wizard again...
Jul 13 15:50:12 harish_meet	i saw your commits regarding spam plugin not usable on windows
Jul 13 15:50:20 tml	some gtk+ work preparing for 2.8
Jul 13 15:50:37 tml	harish: yes, it's full on unix stuff
Jul 13 15:50:43 surfy	harish_meet, is there some problem in the e-p list ? looks like we arent getting any mails though they are present in the archives
Jul 13 15:51:00 harish_meet	tml: vivek is the guy you need to give your inputs to
Jul 13 15:51:19 harish_meet	surfy: i heard about it in the morning. jess would look into it
Jul 13 15:51:21 sush	not only e-p list..all the 3 evo lists
Jul 13 15:51:36 surfy	ok cool
Jul 13 15:51:41 tml	harish: ok
Jul 13 15:52:02 harish_meet	varadhan: ?
Jul 13 15:52:04 bandini	harish_meet, thanks :) (re new tarball)
Jul 13 15:52:06 varadhan	URI implementation for opening calendar-events and contacts in their respective editor. ECal# bindings to be commited. gnome-pilot and pilot-conduits bug traiging.
Jul 13 15:52:10 vivek	harish_meet, tml i suppose issue is the way spam assasin filters junk
Jul 13 15:52:55 vivek	at least the way its written
Jul 13 15:52:55 harish_meet	varadhan, want some cool blog posts on beagle sniffing evo calendars , pl.
Jul 13 15:53:15 harish_meet	vivek, right.
Jul 13 15:53:26 varadhan	harish_meet, sure, once I commit my ECal# stuff into cvs. ;)
Jul 13 15:53:26 harish_meet	viren, anything for us ?
Jul 13 15:53:34 viren	harish_meet, patch to reduce the bonobo calls was comitted.fixed couple of bugs in calendar.
Jul 13 15:53:37 tml	vivek: i don't even knnow what local spam filters are commonly used on win32 (i let my ISP handle it), but presumably not spamassassin? anyway the fork/pipe/exec stuff is much unix-specific
Jul 13 15:54:01 *	surfy is now known as surf_away
Jul 13 15:54:14 vivek	tml, oh great then you can just disable it and have fun, let ISP do it :)
Jul 13 15:54:25 harish_meet	viren, thanks
Jul 13 15:54:29 harish_meet	vivek: ?
Jul 13 15:54:34 vivek	resolved all the issues and committed the remaining groupwise part of the junk mail handling stuff, its all done now,  worked upon some important bugs
Jul 13 15:55:09 tml	vivek: my guess would be that local spam filters on windows boxes provide some api that the mail clients use? will look into that later
Jul 13 15:55:09 harish_meet	great.. i guess the QA would keep us quite busy in the coming days..
Jul 13 15:55:17 harish_meet	anything else from anyone ?
Jul 13 15:55:19 vivek	tml, sure
Jul 13 15:55:48 tml	what's the rules for plugins linking to what libraries? apparently they shouldn't link to libevolution-mail?
Jul 13 15:55:56 harish_meet	hey Mengjie.. anything for us ?
Jul 13 15:55:58 tml	what about libevolution-calendar, libeutil, etc?
Jul 13 15:56:03 Mengjie	hi harish
Jul 13 15:56:25 Mengjie	harish: I just sent a patch to maillist
Jul 13 15:56:26 haip	prem filed two e-tree related a11y bugs. YuanLi will provide a patch next week.
Jul 13 15:57:00 harish_meet	tml: it is currently more a free-for-all :(. we do need to set explicit guidelines and stick to them
Jul 13 15:57:04 Mengjie	harish: to fix some compile error for Sun's compiler
Jul 13 15:57:30 *	sshreyas_ (~sshreyas@59.92.128.158) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 13 15:57:48 harish_meet	Mengjie, thanks.. actually.. i still use a very forgiving compiler..
Jul 13 15:58:07 harish_meet	got a bunch of such patches on the bugzilla too 
Jul 13 15:58:27 sshreyas_	harish_meet: not to forget a forgiving linker :p
Jul 13 15:58:27 harish_meet	i shall try my best to clean most of them..
Jul 13 15:58:41 harish_meet	haip, thanks
Jul 13 15:58:44 tml	sshreyas: indeed ;-)
Jul 13 15:59:22 harish_meet	that is it, then - for the day. thanks guys
Jul 13 15:59:27 harish_meet	catch you all next week
J
