**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jul  6 15:25:48 2005

Jul 06 15:25:48 *	Now talking on #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:25:50 *	sp (~shakti@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:26:24 *	Mengjie (~Mengjie@202.108.88.130) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:26:28 *	harish (~kharish@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:27:10 *	tml (~tml@MXIX.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:27:20 tml	hello guys!
Jul 06 15:27:39 harish	hi tml
Jul 06 15:28:19 *	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-39-50.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:28:41 harish	lets wait for a couple of more minutes
Jul 06 15:29:26 harish	seb128, i have been looking at 307794 issue..i'm surprised no other application is being hit by the bug
Jul 06 15:29:54 harish	and we crash on all instances where the gtk-combo widget is used
Jul 06 15:30:11 *	srag_ (~sragavan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:30:22 *	sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:30:35 seb128	harish: I've not got any other bug about such issue on Ubuntu
Jul 06 15:30:40 seb128	and other apps don't crash here
Jul 06 15:31:21 harish	guess i need to get rid of it by today
Jul 06 15:31:52 harish	lets get started
Jul 06 15:31:55 seb128	that would be nice, atm it prevents any new user to set up evolution
Jul 06 15:32:18 *	nicel (~mnicel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:32:21 harish	from my side. evo 2.3.4 release happened in the weekend
Jul 06 15:33:05 harish	and i see more build issues from FC4 which seem to go fine on SUSE and i guess ubuntu too
Jul 06 15:33:23 harish	perhaps less forgiving compilers or just some missing option
Jul 06 15:33:59 harish	this week i would be mostly at clearing the patch log and more gw work on calendar
Jul 06 15:34:08 harish	chen : updates for us ?
Jul 06 15:34:10 *	nags (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:34:23 tml	hmm, i think i saw the same crash on win32 before my vacation, even...
Jul 06 15:34:52 harish	Mengjie, ?
Jul 06 15:34:58 chen	Bug fixing, patch review, fixed issues w.r.t exchange in build buddy and the rpms have been delivered in rug
Jul 06 15:35:42 harish	nags, the testing cycle of 2.3.4 has begun. any updates for us ?
Jul 06 15:35:52 nags	harish: yes
Jul 06 15:35:54 nags	Have setup testlink.sf.net software locally
Jul 06 15:35:55 nags	Need to update address book test-cases
Jul 06 15:35:55 nags	Currently testing menu reorg in Evolution 2.3.4
Jul 06 15:36:13 *	shaheed (~shaheed@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:36:18 *	ksh (~kaushal@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:36:18 Mengjie	harish:hi
Jul 06 15:36:24 chen	harish, currently working on recurrence patch sent by you, we should get it in asap
Jul 06 15:36:30 ksh	hi Mengjie 
Jul 06 15:36:36 Mengjie	ksh:hi
Jul 06 15:36:43 ksh	Mengjie: how u doing
Jul 06 15:37:07 harish	chen, yes. i am at your service :-) . lets wrap it up this week
Jul 06 15:37:26 Mengjie	I am update the patch for #306238
Jul 06 15:37:31 harish	nags, thanks.. a kind reminder about the bug triaging guidelines update on gnome bugzilla
Jul 06 15:37:50 chen	harish, sure :)
Jul 06 15:37:52 nags	harish: I have updated after I receive your mail
Jul 06 15:38:09 nags	harish: Maybe I need to modify :)
Jul 06 15:38:09 ksh	Mengjie: saw your comments. i have asked for it's commit to rodo
Jul 06 15:38:27 harish	pnayak, ?
Jul 06 15:38:38 harish	nicel, welcome.. have any updates ;-)
Jul 06 15:38:54 Mengjie	ksh:I'v talked with rodo. He had agreed my signaling object_delete before really deleting and I'v changed the name of the signal to object_delete as his proposal.
Jul 06 15:38:56 pnayak	triaging, started with exchange connecter testing, could ot test much there, now testing calendar in GW connector, I have setup UWcalendar, yet to verify calDAV support in it
Jul 06 15:39:13 Mengjie	ksh:He also said if you think the other part of the patch is ok, I could commit it.
Jul 06 15:39:17 harish	pnayak, thanks..lets sync up with gicmo as well
Jul 06 15:39:18 *	partha (~partha@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:39:26 pnayak	oky
Jul 06 15:39:32 harish	partha, ??
Jul 06 15:39:53 ksh	Mengjie: so u have changed the signal name now, is it.. could u send me that patch
Jul 06 15:39:56 partha	fixed a few bugs in gw
Jul 06 15:40:09 harish	shaheed, shilpa_qa ??
Jul 06 15:40:19 partha	checking for leaks and stuff
Jul 06 15:40:24 partha	thats about it
Jul 06 15:40:33 *	sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:40:35 harish	partha, cool. need some love on getting the camel docs back
Jul 06 15:40:36 ksh	Mengjie: actually, it's ok with me.. i mean the other part looks fine to me. please go ahead and commit.
Jul 06 15:40:41 shaheed	currently testing evolution 2.3.x with exchange connector
Jul 06 15:40:59 partha	harish: yeah. sure
Jul 06 15:41:09 harish	shaheed, thanks
Jul 06 15:41:13 harish	sp: ?
Jul 06 15:41:18 partha	planning to look into bugs this week.
Jul 06 15:41:19 Mengjie	ksh: great. I will commit it soon.
Jul 06 15:41:22 shaheed	Done with the basic test cases of Mailer
Jul 06 15:41:25 sp	working on 'Subscribed/Unsubscribed Folder'. Subscribed folder is almost done and unsubscribed folder part is going on
Jul 06 15:41:32 shaheed	proceeding with functionality
Jul 06 15:41:38 sp	some issues are there . will fix it soon
Jul 06 15:41:42 ksh	Mengjie: thanks for your great work into that patch
Jul 06 15:41:45 harish	sp: does that involve ui changes
Jul 06 15:41:59 sp	yes, harish
Jul 06 15:42:01 *	harish reminds all that we are now in UI and string announce period
Jul 06 15:42:05 *	shres (~shreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:42:06 nicel	harish: not really; but would be interested to know if the gw mailer issues are addressed in the latest builds?
Jul 06 15:42:14 sp	I will send a mail to evolution-hackers list today
Jul 06 15:42:30 partha	nicel: a lot of them have been committed today.
Jul 06 15:42:37 sp	also a patch to evolution-patches
Jul 06 15:42:42 partha	so should get some things sorted out.
Jul 06 15:42:43 harish	nicel, yes. 2.3.4 snapshots available on redcarpet have some important fixes
Jul 06 15:42:59 harish	sp: thanks. srag : ?
Jul 06 15:43:00 nicel	cool; shall check it out
Jul 06 15:43:06 partha	chill
Jul 06 15:43:11 srag_	hmm
Jul 06 15:43:25 srag_	working on making attachment bar,
Jul 06 15:43:56 srag_	making a single copy of it in the entire evolution. I have completed coding.. 
Jul 06 15:43:56 *	rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 06 15:44:01 srag_	ill send out soon.
Jul 06 15:44:02 harish	sush, any updates for us ?
Jul 06 15:44:07 harish	thanks srag_
Jul 06 15:44:19 sush	working on autocompletion issue and other addressbook defects
Jul 06 15:45:09 harish	are we still seeing memory issues with the patch that went in last week ?
Jul 06 15:45:34 sush	which patch?
Jul 06 15:45:43 harish	hpj's patch for autocompletion
Jul 06 15:46:02 sush	that doesn't fix any memory issues.. that is for the timing issue..
Jul 06 15:46:14 sush	and we do see the timing issue with that patch..
Jul 06 15:46:36 harish	i heard that there are leaks observed in eds with that patch
Jul 06 15:46:53 harish	may be we could take this up later.. thanks
Jul 06 15:46:55 sush	no...those leaks are not related to that patch
Jul 06 15:47:05 harish	tml: any updates for us ?
Jul 06 15:47:11 tml	i was on vacation last week... currently finishing up for final review the gtkplug/gtksocket cross-platform changes, so that they will get into gtk 2.8. 
Jul 06 15:47:40 tml	build improvements here and there
Jul 06 15:47:55 harish	cool. i wanted to sync up with you about some build issues.. maybe later in the day
Jul 06 15:47:58 harish	thanks
Jul 06 15:48:04 harish	varadhan|mtg, ping
Jul 06 15:48:14 tml	harish: ok, i'll hang around on irc
Jul 06 15:48:49 harish	we have a patch in evolution-sharp for calendar support..
Jul 06 15:48:59 shres	tml: could i pester you with some build issues i have on Mac os x. I just want some opinions on whether its a libtool issue or not ?
Jul 06 15:49:04 harish	varadhan|mtg, i hope to finish a review by tomorrow
Jul 06 15:49:19 harish	shres, ?
Jul 06 15:49:52 harish	vivek: ?
Jul 06 15:49:56 vivek	checked in the new hook , also the plugin which uses that hook to make spam assasin pluggable
Jul 06 15:50:09 vivek	http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=269098 covers the description
Jul 06 15:50:11 shres	harish: just about wrapping up the proxy work sent out all the code onto the list and fixing all the review comments.
Jul 06 15:50:31 vivek	finished the groupwise part also, will commit it today
Jul 06 15:50:44 shres	harish: fixed a couple of trivial e-d-s build issues on mac. WIll send patches soon
Jul 06 15:50:45 harish	vivek : great..anything more on junk handling in GW accounts ?
Jul 06 15:50:56 harish	shres, thanks
Jul 06 15:50:59 harish	viren, ?
Jul 06 15:51:02 vivek	harish, ya as i said that will be in today
Jul 06 15:52:05 viren	harish, filed bugs, working on reduction in bonobo traffic.
Jul 06 15:52:22 harish	all, i hope we will make a migration of lists from the ximian servers to gnome sometime this week. i would work with the sysadmins (ross) about that
Jul 06 15:52:34 harish	thanks viren.
Jul 06 15:52:52 viren	harish, changes in attachment bar pop up menu
Jul 06 15:53:16 harish	also, kindly request you all to update the bug status once you make a commit
Jul 06 15:53:27 viren	will be done, iam waiting for srag_ to commit the flag changes.
Jul 06 15:53:34 harish	cool
Jul 06 15:53:44 harish	anything else from anybody ?
Jul 06 15:54:23 harish	well - thats it then for today.. thanks all

