**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Mar  9 09:01:31 2005

Mar 09 09:01:31 -->     You are now talking on #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:01:31 ---     ircd.gimp.org sets mode +n #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:01:31 ---     ircd.gimp.org sets mode +t #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:40:47 -->     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:40:58 <pvanhoof>      oeps.. to early
Mar 09 09:49:45 <jpr>   just a few minutes :-)
Mar 09 09:53:23 -->     cmeadors (~cmeadors@pool-141-154-114-19.bos.east.verizon.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:53:36 -->     rodo (~rodo@gprs129-103.eurotel.cz) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:53:44 <rodo>  hi all
Mar 09 09:56:46 -->     andre (~y0020796@rzlx0009.rz.tu-bs.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:56:56 -->     pgoel (~pgoel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:57:02 -->     vivekJain (~linux123@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:58:18 -->     fejj (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:59:03 -->     siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 09:59:36 -->     dobey (~dobey@h000625e6119c.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:00:11 -->     seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-9-122.w83-194.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:00:14 <seb128>        hi
Mar 09 10:00:21 -->     hpj (~hpj@201.135.255.118) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:01:33 -->     mmoulderlt (~mmoulderl@192.94.118.227) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:01:59 <jpr>   two more minutes and then we'll get going
Mar 09 10:02:42 -->     NotZed (~notzed@ppp170-134.lns1.per1.internode.on.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:03:01 <fejj>  evening notzed
Mar 09 10:04:10 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:04:13 <jpr>   lets roll
Mar 09 10:04:24 <jpr>   2.2.x development status
Mar 09 10:04:26 -->     sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:04:32 <jpr>   we releases 2.2.0 on monday
Mar 09 10:04:35 <NotZed>        morning
Mar 09 10:05:02 <jpr>   i intend to release 2.2.1 on monday
Mar 09 10:05:11 <jpr>   http://bugzilla.ximian.com/target_reports.cgi?milestone=2.2.x%3A+
Mar 09 10:05:31 <jpr>   contains a list of showstopper and major bugs i'd like to see fixed for that time
Mar 09 10:06:06 <jpr>   if anyone else has critical issues for 2.2.1
Mar 09 10:06:15 <jpr>   please move them to the 2.2.x milestone
Mar 09 10:06:30 <jpr>   i'll move the rest of the 2.1 milestone bugs after 2.2.1
Mar 09 10:06:54 <jpr>   we are just going to use a flat 2.2.x milestone this time to keep from constantly shuffling bugs
Mar 09 10:07:10 -->     dhm_home (~david@h000f66e3c536.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:07:14 <jpr>   reminder that string and UI freezes still apply
Mar 09 10:07:20 <jpr>   and that patch review still applies
Mar 09 10:07:44 <jpr>   i will send out an email closing CVS either tonight or tomorrow
Mar 09 10:08:00 <jpr>   so we can merge down HEAD into gnome-2-10
Mar 09 10:08:11 <jpr>   i will give a few hours notice
Mar 09 10:08:30 -->     tml (~tml@MDCCXIII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:08:41 *       tml is sorry for being late
Mar 09 10:08:45 <jpr>   hehe
Mar 09 10:08:54 <jpr>   2.3/2.4 plans
Mar 09 10:08:55 <jpr>   http://go-evolution.org/Evo2.4#Screen_Resolution
Mar 09 10:08:57 <jpr>   err
Mar 09 10:09:00 <jpr>   http://go-evolution.org/Evo2.4
Mar 09 10:09:23 <jpr>   this is a wiki for contributors to help develop the 2.3/2.4 plan
Mar 09 10:09:50 <jpr>   we really haven't taken in public yet, but i think it would be cool if everyone hear took a look
Mar 09 10:10:00 <jpr>   and added comments where appropriate
Mar 09 10:10:15 <jpr>   or new sections that fall into the major goals
Mar 09 10:10:18 <pvanhoof>      useful :)
Mar 09 10:10:19 <jpr>   some guidelines -
Mar 09 10:10:37 <tml>   I guess there should be no public guesses even yet about when evo might run on win32?
Mar 09 10:10:55 <jpr>   probably not
Mar 09 10:11:02 <jpr>   we aren't looking to turn this into "we should fix this specific bug or add this specific feature" atm
Mar 09 10:11:18 <jpr>   we want to comment on general design issues or ideas for the most part
Mar 09 10:11:27 <jpr>   with the intention that specific tasks will fall out of that
Mar 09 10:11:32 <jpr>   this is new
Mar 09 10:11:40 <jpr>   so the process might need some adjusting as we go
Mar 09 10:11:53 <jpr>   attributing comments would also be nice
Mar 09 10:12:22 <jpr>   ie [[username]] we should...
Mar 09 10:12:37 <jpr>   any questions or thoughts on the process?
Mar 09 10:12:43 <NotZed>        some documentation on how to use it might be useful
Mar 09 10:12:57 <fejj>  how do you attrubute?
Mar 09 10:13:01 <fejj>  I couldn't figure it out
Mar 09 10:13:06 <jpr>   [[Fejj]]
Mar 09 10:13:11 <fejj>  oh
Mar 09 10:13:32 <dhm_home>      or should that be [[User:Fejj]] ?
Mar 09 10:13:36 <NotZed>        isn' it [[User:Fejj]]?
Mar 09 10:13:38 <dobey> i don't think you need to say [[Fejj]] even do you? you just put "Fejj" in as you would normally type it
Mar 09 10:13:50 <dobey> i think that's how it works on l.g.o anyway
Mar 09 10:13:54 <jpr>   its mediawiki as the backend if people want to find docs
Mar 09 10:13:54 <NotZed>        otherwise it goes to another made-up page
Mar 09 10:13:54 <fejj>  I tried that and it didn't work
Mar 09 10:14:03 <jpr>   NotZed: ah, ok
Mar 09 10:14:08 <dobey> too many different wikis and logins to deal with for me :)
Mar 09 10:14:15 <NotZed>        "want to find docs", lest just throw all development onto a system nobody knows how to use ... hmmm.
Mar 09 10:14:18 <pvanhoof>      -- sidenote, ps: about 2.2.x: I've just added bug 73512 on the gtkhtml component which might be important for the 2.2.x release) --
Mar 09 10:14:38 <jpr>   NotZed: it seems fairly straight forward :-)
Mar 09 10:14:38 <dhm_home>      NotZed: it's wikipedia
Mar 09 10:14:46 <hpj>   NotZed: dude, it isn't hard
Mar 09 10:14:52 <jpr>   anyhow
Mar 09 10:14:56 <jpr>   any other comments?
Mar 09 10:15:06 <jpr>   thoughts?
Mar 09 10:15:07 <dhm_home>      looks really good, btw
Mar 09 10:15:15 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:15:18 <jpr>   moving on
Mar 09 10:15:19 <jpr>   status
Mar 09 10:15:33 <jpr>   andre: anything for us?
Mar 09 10:15:44 <andre> no, just hanging around :-)
Mar 09 10:15:51 <jpr>   dhm_home: anything?
Mar 09 10:16:14 <dhm_home>      new packages (2.2.0 etc) now available for fedora
Mar 09 10:16:19 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:16:24 <dhm_home>      as for a few hours ago
Mar 09 10:16:36 <jpr>   dhm_home: any important downstream bug reports?
Mar 09 10:16:46 <dhm_home>      not yet
Mar 09 10:16:57 <jpr>   dhm_home: are you going to be assessing the printing keyword bugs?
Mar 09 10:17:04 <jpr>   for 2.3/2.4?
Mar 09 10:17:18 <jpr>   more generally than the pango/i18n ones
Mar 09 10:17:43 <dhm_home>      i was focussing on i18n
Mar 09 10:17:53 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:17:58 <jpr>   dobey: status?
Mar 09 10:18:34 <dobey> working on mainly non-evo things at the moment, made a patch for the context menu regression bug this past weekend, i guess it's going into 2.2.1?
Mar 09 10:18:49 <jpr>   well, it would break the ui freeze
Mar 09 10:19:01 <jpr>   dobey: paste the link for dhm in case he wants to ship it
Mar 09 10:19:05 <dobey> well, it would need approval of course
Mar 09 10:19:10 <jpr>   gekker did 2.2.0 packages with it
Mar 09 10:19:13 <jpr>   and so did seb128
Mar 09 10:19:32 <dobey> http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=73192
Mar 09 10:19:40 <dhm_home>      thanks
Mar 09 10:20:10 <jpr>   dobey: status of some of the designs for 2.3/2.4?
Mar 09 10:20:50 <jpr>   fejj: status?
Mar 09 10:21:02 <dobey> working on non-evo things at the moment, so haven't had time to get much further with them, waiting to hear from parag/anna about getting a bangalore hacker to help with the ui stuff
Mar 09 10:21:18 <jpr>   with implementation that is, right?
Mar 09 10:21:23 <dobey> and we'll have an intern to help this summer
Mar 09 10:21:27 <jpr>   cool
Mar 09 10:21:28 <dobey> with design and implementation, yes
Mar 09 10:21:58 <jpr>   remember, we are probably going to set a UI deadline for major overhauls to be well before the actual gnome UI deadline
Mar 09 10:22:14 <jpr>   tentatively end of may
Mar 09 10:22:20 <jpr>   to mid-june
Mar 09 10:22:28 <fejj>  been looking at connectore bugs
Mar 09 10:22:31 <jpr>   which gives us 3 months to find issues
Mar 09 10:22:36 <dobey> right
Mar 09 10:22:38 <fejj>  there's a lot of problems it seems :\
Mar 09 10:22:59 <jpr>   fejj: you've been looking at offline mode right?
Mar 09 10:23:03 <dobey> mid-june is probably better actually
Mar 09 10:23:04 <fejj>  yea
Mar 09 10:23:05 <jpr>   for mail
Mar 09 10:23:08 <dobey> since guadec is end of may
Mar 09 10:23:19 <jpr>   dobey: ok, we can look at hard dates soon
Mar 09 10:23:20 <dobey> and i will be gone for a week in the middle of may as well
Mar 09 10:23:43 <jpr>   dobey: guadec might be a good time to conduct user tests :-)
Mar 09 10:23:57 <jpr>   fejj: anything too difficult to fix?
Mar 09 10:24:00 <dobey> right
Mar 09 10:24:18 <jpr>   fejj: from what i heard yesterday it sounds like the code is mostly there
Mar 09 10:24:20 <fejj>  well, the exchange daemon is talking tot he server in offline mode
Mar 09 10:24:30 ---     pgoel is now known as pgoel|away
Mar 09 10:24:33 <jpr>   right, we discussed how to track that down
Mar 09 10:24:36 <fejj>  no idea how hard that will be to fix
Mar 09 10:24:40 <fejj>  yea
Mar 09 10:24:52 <jpr>   journalling and such working now?
Mar 09 10:24:59 <fejj>  no
Mar 09 10:25:17 <fejj>  I haven't figured out how the code gets stuff added to the summary
Mar 09 10:25:23 <fejj>  well, I sort of have
Mar 09 10:25:43 <fejj>  but it's not an ideal location to stick a "camel_offline_journal_play" call
Mar 09 10:26:11 <jpr>   well, remember, monday is the goal, so if less than ideal still means "works"...
Mar 09 10:26:21 <jpr>   hpj: status
Mar 09 10:26:22 <jpr>   ?
Mar 09 10:26:39 <hpj>   i'm trying to paste it, hang on :)
Mar 09 10:26:49 <fejj>  it means it doesn't work
Mar 09 10:26:58 <fejj>  I tried sticking it there out of desperation and no go
Mar 09 10:27:00 <fejj>  :(
Mar 09 10:27:16 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:27:19 <fejj>  also confused about some logic in connector
Mar 09 10:27:32 <fejj>  like why they split append/move into diff entries
Mar 09 10:27:41 <jpr>   fejj: well, sush is here, maybe ping her after
Mar 09 10:27:51 <hpj>   Done - Been working on the OS X port mostly, I have the final pieces - spam filtering, exchange connector, help - working locally. I'd like to use an Aqua GTK+ theme by default, but since Apple has reacted badly to those themes in the past, I think we should make sure first by talking to Apple legal (Christine?). Probably won't be a problem if we use the theme on MacOS X only. I hear Thunderbird does that.
Mar 09 10:27:58 <hpj>   sorry to interrupt you jeff :)
Mar 09 10:28:17 <fejj>  ok
Mar 09 10:28:19 <fejj>  np
Mar 09 10:28:24 <jpr>   hpj: ok, need to get back on other 2.2.x issues now though from the link i pasted above
Mar 09 10:28:51 <hpj>   which brings us to
Mar 09 10:29:02 <hpj>   Ongoing - fixing the cut/copy/paste in To: Cc: and Bc: entries composer bug. More bugs. Probably some OS X work when I get the time.
Mar 09 10:29:14 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:29:22 <jpr>   mmoulderlt: anything for us?
Mar 09 10:29:59 <jpr>   NotZed: status?
Mar 09 10:30:28 <jpr>   pvanhoof: anything for us?
Mar 09 10:30:55 <NotZed>        looking at memory profiling evolution and eds
Mar 09 10:31:10 <NotZed>        sent a patch.  that seems to cover the biggest problems at the moment
Mar 09 10:31:18 <jpr>   great
Mar 09 10:31:27 <jpr>   NotZed: what kind of savings are we talking?
Mar 09 10:31:49 <pvanhoof>      sec, wasn't following the last 5 minutes :)
Mar 09 10:32:25 <hpj>   the patch notes say multi-megabyte savings ... sweet!
Mar 09 10:32:35 <NotZed>        depends on usage scenarios.  the calendar leak is really bad, i chewed up 5MB in a few minutes of use (in evolution).  the addressbook eds one can save a lot - but only if you have a lot of local addressbooks, which is probably not that common
Mar 09 10:33:09 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:33:36 <jpr>   pvanhoof: just if you have anything to add
Mar 09 10:33:48 <jpr>   NotZed: any other potentials in e-d-s?
Mar 09 10:34:12 <--     mmoulderlt has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))
Mar 09 10:34:18 <jpr>   rodo: status?
Mar 09 10:34:24 <NotZed>        nothing obvious so far
Mar 09 10:34:25 <pvanhoof>      well, I think 73512 needs to get fixed before releasing. but it's one of those bugs that don't always happen and that have been introduced since a week
Mar 09 10:34:39 <rodo>  bugfixing, made release
Mar 09 10:34:52 -->     mmoulderlt_ (~mmoulderl@192.94.118.227) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:35:00 <mmoulderlt_>   sorry laptop locked up
Mar 09 10:35:15 <NotZed>        the memory reported by 'top' seems wildly out of joint with how much memory the application actually uses too, mmaping things perhaps, unrelated to actual memory use, or something
Mar 09 10:35:21 <jpr>   pvanhoof: yes, rodo i believe already has a patch for this
Mar 09 10:35:35 <pvanhoof>      ok
Mar 09 10:35:38 <rodo>  improved stress test. I was able to fix 3 nasty bugs (infinite loop, crash and rtl)
Mar 09 10:35:58 <jpr>   NotZed: hmm, ok
Mar 09 10:36:06 <rodo>  now I am looking into weird delete problem, happens in case there are tables
Mar 09 10:36:12 <jpr>   pvanhoof: anything else?
Mar 09 10:36:22 <rodo>  sometimes it deletes a lot more things than it should
Mar 09 10:36:34 <rodo>  not that bad as you can undo it
Mar 09 10:36:42 <jpr>   rodo: ok, also i have a line wrapping in replies issues for you
Mar 09 10:36:46 <jpr>   ping me after this
Mar 09 10:36:51 <pvanhoof>      jpr, nope
Mar 09 10:36:57 <jpr>   seb128: anything for us?
Mar 09 10:37:07 <rodo>  jpr: ok. is it tabs related?
Mar 09 10:37:29 <rodo>  I know about weird line wrapping with tabs involved
Mar 09 10:37:32 <jpr>   rodo: not sure
Mar 09 10:37:36 <jpr>   i don't think so though
Mar 09 10:37:41 <jpr>   siva: status?
Mar 09 10:37:41 <rodo>  ok
Mar 09 10:37:47 <siva>  jpr, some bug fixing on evo, some on calednar/address book of connector, more connector bug fixing to continue
Mar 09 10:38:59 <siva>  that's all jp
Mar 09 10:39:04 <seb128>        jpr: nop
Mar 09 10:39:18 <jpr>   siva: while you're at it, http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=32978
Mar 09 10:39:27 <jpr>   which is ldap on active directory
Mar 09 10:39:51 <jpr>   maybe it is or isn't relevant now
Mar 09 10:40:02 <siva>  jpr, ok assigning to myself, will try to reproduce
Mar 09 10:40:08 <jpr>   sush: status?
Mar 09 10:40:19 <sush>  jpr: connector bug fixes
Mar 09 10:40:54 <pvanhoof>      oh jpr: I did have some race conditions in gtkhtml and a method in e-d-s that received a pointer with 0x01 that made e-d-s crash this week. But it's hard to reproduce these. 
Mar 09 10:41:09 <jpr>   sush: i triaged the most critical ones into the link i pasted earlier
Mar 09 10:41:09 <sush>  also triaged some bugs today
Mar 09 10:41:19 <pvanhoof>      but all what I'm experiencing is on HEAD of course
Mar 09 10:41:25 <jpr>   sush: could you talk with fejj after this as well?
Mar 09 10:41:26 <sush>  jpr: yes... seen those
Mar 09 10:41:41 <sush>  ok.. i will
Mar 09 10:41:54 <jpr>   pvanhoof: ok
Mar 09 10:41:58 <jpr>   tml: status?
Mar 09 10:42:05 <tml>   spent some days setting up a development environment from scratch on new machine. i will try to manage without cygwin (just mingw and msys), as that is how most other people seem to want to do it (including owen). so far ok. (msys is a very much stripped-down fork of cygwin)
Mar 09 10:42:30 <tml>   other than that, been tryng various things with gtkplug/socket
Mar 09 10:42:53 <jpr>   how is that going?
Mar 09 10:42:59 <tml>   and pondering a registry-based gconf backend
Mar 09 10:43:16 <pvanhoof>      I've submitted them on bugzilla (with backtrace) for example 72988
Mar 09 10:43:23 <tml>   well, the patch proposed by hans breuer works a bit, but needs work
Mar 09 10:43:25 <sush>  jpr: link says 20 show stoppers .. but i can see only 10 there
Mar 09 10:43:43 <jpr>   sush: yah, counting problem for the connector component
Mar 09 10:43:47 <tml>   plus the source needs restructuring into backend-independent and dependent parts
Mar 09 10:43:48 <sush>  ok
Mar 09 10:43:53 <jpr>   sush: i will try to get that fixed
Mar 09 10:43:59 <sush>  that's fine
Mar 09 10:44:19 <sush>  2.2.x milestone is there anyway
Mar 09 10:44:31 <jpr>   tml: in gtk or just in libbonoboui?
Mar 09 10:45:06 <pvanhoof>      -- and 73199 --
Mar 09 10:45:18 <tml>   i meant just the gtkplug/socket code in gtk
Mar 09 10:45:32 <jpr>   tml: ok
Mar 09 10:45:59 <jpr>   tml: i take it this is blocking libbonoboui work
Mar 09 10:46:01 <jpr>   vivekJain: status?
Mar 09 10:46:06 <vivekJain>     fixing SOAP MAILER bugs. fixed some interesting bugs this week, still working on some, also looking at some of the share-folder bugs
Mar 09 10:46:07 <tml>   jpr: yep
Mar 09 10:46:52 <jpr>   vivekJain: ok
Mar 09 10:46:56 <jpr>   mmoulderlt_: anything for us?
Mar 09 10:47:13 <mmoulderlt_>   just need volunteers for tech edits of doc
Mar 09 10:47:32 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:47:37 <jpr>   anyone interested?
Mar 09 10:47:50 <siva>  myself
Mar 09 10:47:52 <mmoulderlt_>   I won't be spending anytime really on Evo because GW goes to beta soon
Mar 09 10:47:57 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:48:07 <jpr>   anyone else? even its if just for a section
Mar 09 10:48:07 <mmoulderlt_>   thanks siva
Mar 09 10:48:36 <jpr>   siva: let me know if you need any help on specific areas
Mar 09 10:48:41 <jpr>   cmeadors: anything?
Mar 09 10:49:04 <siva>  jpr, ok
Mar 09 10:49:22 -->     tr606 (~sneppef@cable-213-132-144-101.upc.chello.be) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:49:29 <jpr>   ok, any other business?
Mar 09 10:49:52 <dhm_home>      jpr: re docs, will you accept patches that move distro-specific references into entities, so that we can easily change these into what's appropriate for us?
Mar 09 10:50:02 <jpr>   mmoulderlt_: ^^?
Mar 09 10:50:55 <jpr>   dhm_home: sounds reasonable to me, but mmoulderlt_ would have to give final say
Mar 09 10:51:17 <mmoulderlt_>   I guess I don't understand what you want to do
Mar 09 10:51:18 *       dhm_home hasn't checked the 2.2 docs recently (2.0 had a few Novell-specific bits)
Mar 09 10:51:34 <dhm_home>      let's cover this elsewhere
Mar 09 10:51:38 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:51:43 <jpr>   anything else anyone?
Mar 09 10:52:22 <jpr>   ok
Mar 09 10:52:26 <jpr>   thanks all
Mar 09 10:52:33 <jpr>   tr606: you came right at the end :-)
Mar 09 10:52:39 <jpr>   see you next week
Mar 09 10:52:46 ---     vivekJain is now known as harish
Mar 09 10:53:03 <jpr>   harish: ?
Mar 09 10:53:14 <NotZed>        cyas
Mar 09 10:53:18 <--     NotZed (~notzed@ppp170-134.lns1.per1.internode.on.net) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:53:23 <--     andre has quit (later...)
Mar 09 10:53:30 <--     fejj (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:53:47 <harish>        jpr: its me vivek on harish's machine.. he is on the GW IM
Mar 09 10:53:51 <--     siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:53:55 <--     sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:54:01 <jpr>   harish: ah
Mar 09 10:54:02 <--     mmoulderlt_ (~mmoulderl@192.94.118.227) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:55:02 <--     tml (~tml@MDCCXIII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:55:25 <--     dobey (~dobey@h000625e6119c.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:55:31 <--     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:55:34 <--     hpj (~hpj@201.135.255.118) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 10:55:56 <--     cmeadors (~cmeadors@pool-141-154-114-19.bos.east.verizon.net) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 11:05:18 <--     rodo (~rodo@gprs129-103.eurotel.cz) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 12:12:16 <--     seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-9-122.w83-194.abo.wanadoo.fr) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 12:57:36 -->     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@dD577524A.access.telenet.be) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 09 14:33:26 ---     dhm_home is now known as dhm_food
Mar 09 15:06:10 ---     You are now known as jpr_afk
Mar 09 15:36:21 ---     dhm_food is now known as dhm
Mar 09 16:01:32 <--     dhm (~david@h000f66e3c536.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 16:45:34 <--     tr606 (~sneppef@cable-213-132-144-101.upc.chello.be) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 09 18:10:35 <--     pvanhoof has quit (Remote closed the connection)
Mar 09 18:56:10 ---     You are now known as jpr
Mar 09 21:16:19 ---     You are now known as jpr_away
Mar 10 00:31:32 ---     pgoel|away is now known as pgoel
Mar 10 01:55:50 ---     harish is now known as harish_lunch
Mar 10 02:43:50 ---     harish_lunch is now known as harish
Mar 10 03:06:42 -->     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 10 06:46:36 ---     harish is now known as harish_afk
Mar 10 07:20:35 ---     harish_afk is now known as harish
Mar 10 09:39:51 ---     You are now known as jpr
Mar 10 10:22:53 <--     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 10 10:31:32 ---     pgoel is now known as pgoel|away
Mar 10 11:31:22 ---     harish is now known as harish_afk
Mar 10 12:12:39 ---     You are now known as jpr_food
Mar 10 12:27:51 ---     You are now known as jpr
Mar 10 15:00:12 ---     Disconnected (Connection timed out).
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Mar 10 15:00:12 2005
