Oct 03 06:03:38 <srag>	Hello every one 
Oct 03 06:03:46 <srinidhi>	srag: hi!! :)
Oct 03 06:03:50 <chen>	hi srag
Oct 03 06:04:06 <srag>	Hi guys
Oct 03 06:04:06 <schooms>	hi everyone !!
Oct 03 06:04:19 <mcrha>	hello
Oct 03 06:04:28 <Lucky>	hello all :)
Oct 03 06:04:42 <srag>	I think we should be out of the vacation mood by now and get back to 2.22 work from now on.
Oct 03 06:05:10 <mcrha>	ha, vacation, what that word means? :)
Oct 03 06:05:23 <srag>	Some important things to note, before we go around the channel
Oct 03 06:05:36 <srag>	mcrha, :)
Oct 03 06:05:38 <schooms>	srag: so.. is it officical .... the next major Evo will be 2.22 ??
Oct 03 06:05:46 <chen>	mcrha:  we had a extended weekend last week ;)
Oct 03 06:05:55 <schooms>	s/officical/official
Oct 03 06:06:04 <srag>	2.20.1 is on October 15 and we should get out to fix some of the top issues that has come
Oct 03 06:06:10 <andre>	"2.22" instead of "2.14"? srag, i love you :-*  ;-)
Oct 03 06:06:19 <mcrha>	chen, we too, 3 days, with Friday, not much vacation for me :)
Oct 03 06:06:22 <srag>	andre, schooms yes.
Oct 03 06:06:53 <srag>	I would send out a mail on e-h today/tomorrow on this to get a feel of what others think before we put it to configure.in (syncing the minor versions only)
Oct 03 06:07:05 <chen>	mcrha: we had 4 for the ones who took a leave this Monday 
Oct 03 06:07:09 *	shashish (~shashish@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:07:15 <srag>	for evolution/eds/exchange... should we do this for gtkhtml also?
Oct 03 06:07:43 <andre>	yes please
Oct 03 06:07:47 <srag>	ok :)
Oct 03 06:07:58 <andre>	you make it a lot easier for a lot of people, i cen tell you
Oct 03 06:08:03 <andre>	gtkhtml 3.22 sounds good
Oct 03 06:08:18 <srag>	I have created a planning page for 2.22 and lets stick to it by adding tasks to it
Oct 03 06:08:25 <srag>	Some top things that are in my list are
Oct 03 06:08:48 *	prasad (~evotest@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:09:23 <srag>	Intrusive Error dialogs
Oct 03 06:09:52 <srag>	Asynchronous Operation handling (Its just not about marketing ;-)
Oct 03 06:10:01 <srag>	EDS/DBUS port
Oct 03 06:10:10 <srag>	Getting Mono plugins to work
Oct 03 06:10:36 <srag>	Get Saboyan based lockdown support
Oct 03 06:10:37 *	psankar looks around suspiciously
Oct 03 06:11:08 <srag>	Exchange Smartcard support
Oct 03 06:11:15 <srag>	Google Calendar 
Oct 03 06:11:25 <srag>	and some more tasks as well.
Oct 03 06:11:43 <srag>	These are the major things I feel we should do and some of them are already in progress
Oct 03 06:11:57 <srag>	Apart from all these LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTS of bug fixes
Oct 03 06:12:16 <psankar>	and morrrrrrrrrre plugins  :)
Oct 03 06:12:18 <srag>	We should keep our bug fixing/reviewing spree in this release also
Oct 03 06:12:26 <srag>	psankar, of course :)
Oct 03 06:12:57 <srag>	Ah, another important thing I missed is about the merge/port of camel-lite fixes like Pop improvements, imap fixes in to trunk
Oct 03 06:13:38 <srag>	These are the top things in my plan and if you think anything more needs to be addressed, please say it right away :)
Oct 03 06:14:27 <srag>	Thats it from my side.
Oct 03 06:14:58 <srag>	Im working on intrusive error dialogs and working on requirements/design for asynchronous operation support
Oct 03 06:15:09 <srinidhi>	srag: would it be fine if I give my status right away?? (I need to be afk for sometime) :)
Oct 03 06:15:12 <srag>	I hope that by 2.21.2 intrusive thingy should be in.
Oct 03 06:15:20 <srag>	we can go around the channel
Oct 03 06:15:29 <srag>	srinidhi, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:15:40 <srinidhi>	srag: Nothing much as of now. Started my work on a plugin.
Oct 03 06:16:03 <psankar>	srinidhi, cool. what will that do ?
Oct 03 06:16:16 <srinidhi>	this time will work more closely with getting the RPMs out for releases
Oct 03 06:16:20 *	prasad has quit (Download Gaim: http://gaim.sourceforge.net/)
Oct 03 06:16:30 <srag>	srinidhi, that will be cool.
Oct 03 06:16:35 <srinidhi>	psankar: Change reply quote character and also the attribution line
Oct 03 06:16:40 <srinidhi>	srag: thanks!! :)
Oct 03 06:17:03 <srag>	andre, Nice to see you back from your vacation :) 
Oct 03 06:17:09 <srag>	andre, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:17:12 *	prasad (~evotest@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:17:16 <chen>	srag: Improving EDS memory/performance is also another important one. Gicmo will be taking up the task for improving the calendar cache (based on database supporting sql queries -> squlite is on the cards)
Oct 03 06:17:18 <andre>	hehe, i plan to start the next vacation right away! :-)
Oct 03 06:17:32 *	srinidhi is now known as srinidhi|afk
Oct 03 06:17:33 <srag>	andre, hehe :)
Oct 03 06:17:56 <andre>	yepp, refering to the worst crashers currently: psankar, any news on 348149? varadhan: what's up with bug 349913? (and i already asked matthew to take a look at 460409, so that worst one is also covered)
Oct 03 06:17:57 <srag>	chen, wow! that sounds good. With more and more clients coming for EDS this will be a great one to do
Oct 03 06:18:08 <chen>	srag: yeah :)
Oct 03 06:18:13 <andre>	psankar, and i wonder what the state on bug 213072 is?
Oct 03 06:19:05 <srag>	andre, sure. I will look into them.
Oct 03 06:19:18 <psankar>	andre, for 348149, I have committed a patch that will change from g_assert to g_critical
Oct 03 06:19:24 <srag>	andre, 348149 has a work around in place, but the bug needs to be fixed. psankar did that go in?
Oct 03 06:19:36 <srag>	:)
Oct 03 06:20:51 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:21:24 <psankar>	andre, srag : for 213072 I dont think we can do anything more than automatically recreate summary silently in bg 
Oct 03 06:21:31 <srag>	andre, psankar for 213072, how about making those work arounds automatic atleast, instead of saying that not reproducible or arch issues etc?
Oct 03 06:21:40 <chen>	srag: nothing much this week. Just back from some holidays. Had been working on a 10.3 ship stopper w.r.t exchange, still no luck on it
Oct 03 06:21:45 <psankar>	unless we decide to take up something new like db-backend or DS
Oct 03 06:21:47 <srag>	chen, ok
Oct 03 06:21:52 <srag>	Lucky, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:22:05 <Lucky>	srag: yep 
Oct 03 06:22:23 <Lucky>	srag: Submitted patches on fo basic archiving.. 
Oct 03 06:22:28 <andre>	(213072 is really really bad from a marketing point of view. it looks like a very visible "the evo team does not care" thingy :-/ )
Oct 03 06:22:31 <Lucky>	waiting for review from sankar.. 
Oct 03 06:22:39 <psankar>	srag, will discuss with u offline and will let everyone know about what the issue is for 213072
Oct 03 06:22:52 <Lucky>	srag: working on merging summary next thign in archiving .. 
Oct 03 06:23:00 *	chen is now known as chen_brb
Oct 03 06:23:04 <Lucky>	srag: Thants it from my side.. 
Oct 03 06:23:06 <Lucky>	:)
Oct 03 06:23:20 <srag>	andre, right. I want to get of those things firstly and thatz one reason, Im saying that lets atleast make some workarounds if we cant fix it.
Oct 03 06:23:26 <Lucky>	s/thign/thing
Oct 03 06:23:29 <psankar>	Lucky, why dont u put the patches in bugzilla so that they dont get lost ?
Oct 03 06:23:33 <srag>	psankar, sure
Oct 03 06:23:50 <srag>	Lucky, again put your patches in bugzilla, and screenshots in your wiki page for Archiving
Oct 03 06:24:14 <Lucky>	srag: ya srag ... 
Oct 03 06:24:25 <srag>	Lucky, get those patches reviewed before you write your next line of code
Oct 03 06:24:36 <srag>	luckybharath, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:24:54 <luckybharath>	srag: working on some bugs assigned by varadhan. this week will start with johnny on e2k7 support.
Oct 03 06:25:12 <Lucky>	srag: I let me request sankar for this... I will try to Thanks srag ... 
Oct 03 06:25:37 <psankar>	Lucky, What does that mean ? ^^^ can you rephrase ?
Oct 03 06:25:40 <srag>	luckybharath, ok. 
Oct 03 06:25:45 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:26:17 <mcrha>	srag, nothing important, exciting from my side. just creating patches, some good, some not, like usually
Oct 03 06:26:42 <srag>	mcrha, but a good job in getting the count back to 100 last week ;-)
Oct 03 06:26:54 <mcrha>	it was back there?
Oct 03 06:27:08 <srag>	yeah 104, and I brought that to 75 or so :)
Oct 03 06:27:18 <mcrha>	so dave_largo's easy fixes are really easy ;)
Oct 03 06:27:36 <srag>	lets get this to zero/1week old patches only in this cycle
Oct 03 06:27:39 <srag>	mcrha, ok :)
Oct 03 06:27:41 <mcrha>	but it's not just me, many others around do more than me
Oct 03 06:27:43 *	Lucky has quit (Leaving.)
Oct 03 06:27:47 <srag>	mcrha, yeah!
Oct 03 06:28:01 *	chen_brb is now known as chen
Oct 03 06:28:17 <srag>	mbarnes|away, has put a lot and I have to review his gtk+ patch and good he is away today ;-)
Oct 03 06:28:31 <srag>	prasad, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:28:56 <mcrha>	I will look on some runtime critical warnings from composer, right now/after posting next patch)
Oct 03 06:29:18 <prasad>	srag: last weekend did some sanity testing on a customer patch. that's it
Oct 03 06:29:20 <srag>	ok.
Oct 03 06:29:24 <srag>	prasad, ok.
Oct 03 06:29:29 *	Lucky (~Lucky@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:29:30 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:29:33 <psankar>	srag, Been busy with some customer builds and related issues. Thinking about what should be done for EPlugins 2.22. Nothing excittting atm. 
Oct 03 06:29:42 <srag>	psankar, really ;-)
Oct 03 06:29:49 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:29:55 <schooms>	srag: been chipping away at support for assigned tasks - exchange.. 
Oct 03 06:30:02 <srag>	schooms, ok.
Oct 03 06:30:08 <srag>	shashish, anything to share with us?
Oct 03 06:30:22 <psankar>	srag, been making some progress in some plugin work.. but not sure if i am in right direction... will let u know if things materializes
Oct 03 06:30:35 <shashish>	srag, Nothing much as of now. working on Plugin support for “Email Protective Marking Standard” and working on requirements for asynchronous operation support.
Oct 03 06:30:39 <srag>	psankar, sure. 
Oct 03 06:30:45 *	Lucky sorry my pidgin crashed 
Oct 03 06:30:52 <srag>	shashish, ok
Oct 03 06:30:54 <srag>	Lucky, np
Oct 03 06:30:56 <mcrha>	psankar, are you a plugin man?
Oct 03 06:31:06 <srag>	mcrha, yes yes yes
Oct 03 06:31:09 <psankar>	mcrha, yup... love to be called so :)
Oct 03 06:31:20 <srag>	also the mailer man now :)
Oct 03 06:31:39 <schooms>	hehe... nice nicks ;)
Oct 03 06:31:40 <mcrha>	psankar, so can you make that "configure" button enabled only when the plugin supports it? :)
Oct 03 06:31:52 <Lucky>	psankar, That means I request to the sankar. Its great if he can manage to do it in his busy schedule :)
Oct 03 06:31:56 <psankar>	mcrha, hmm i  made a patch for that as well. It is lying around somewhere
Oct 03 06:32:02 <psankar>	mcrha, will have to jsut take it and commit
Oct 03 06:32:08 <srag>	ok guys... thatz it from my side
Oct 03 06:32:08 <luckybharath>	psankar: our PM ;)
Oct 03 06:32:15 <mcrha>	work for srag to review and approve ;)
Oct 03 06:32:30 <srag>	mcrha, yeah :)
Oct 03 06:32:31 <psankar>	mcrha, yup :)
Oct 03 06:32:39 <srag>	anything else to discuss before we meet next week?
Oct 03 06:32:51 <psankar>	luckybharath, well that abbr. may not be well-received here ;)
Oct 03 06:33:30 <srag>	ok catch you all next week. Bye every one
Oct 03 06:33:36 <mcrha>	bye
Oct 03 06:33:41 <Lucky>	bye all  :)
Oct 03 06:33:42 *	psankar (~evo@125.16.129.16) has left #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:33:42 <prasad>	bye
Oct 03 06:33:43 *	srag (~sragavan@125.16.129.16) has left #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:33:46 *	prasad (~evotest@125.16.129.16) has left #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:33:47 *	shashish (~shashish@125.16.129.16) has left #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:33:53 *	mcrha (~mcrha@nat-pool-brq.redhat.com) has left #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:34:36 *	schooms (~msuman@125.16.129.16) has left #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:34:48 *	luckybharath (~luckybhar@125.16.129.16) has left #evolution-meet
Oct 03 06:43:32 *	You are now known as mbarnes
Oct 03 06:44:37 *	Lucky has quit (Leaving)

