Sep 26 06:03:44 <srag>	Hello every one
Sep 26 06:03:48 <chen>	hi
Sep 26 06:03:58 *	shashish (~shashish@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 26 06:04:09 <srag>	I know Im late by few mins (caught up in a meeting)
Sep 26 06:04:46 *	prasad (~evotest@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 26 06:05:10 <psankar>	srag, not late really ;)
Sep 26 06:05:15 <psankar>	it is just 2 mins
Sep 26 06:05:16 *	Lucky (~Lucky@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 26 06:05:17 <srag>	psankar, ok :)
Sep 26 06:05:28 <srag>	I think we can start now
Sep 26 06:05:59 <srag>	We have started working on the new things for 2.22 now
Sep 26 06:06:11 <srag>	look at the planning page and add if anything you find should be there
Sep 26 06:06:30 <srag>	We gotto get the patches under control now and I have started it just few hours back
Sep 26 06:06:40 <srag>	I hope to get that down and I expect the same from the team as well
Sep 26 06:06:57 <srag>	Im planning to start on intrusive-errors right away
Sep 26 06:07:25 <srag>	I would need a volunteer who can keep the gnome.org/projects/evolution site updated
Sep 26 06:07:49 <srag>	I seem to lack  time and It would be great if anyone else can take it up
Sep 26 06:07:52 <srag>	any volunteers?
Sep 26 06:08:00 <srag>	Apart from that, we can go around the channel
Sep 26 06:08:12 <srag>	Akhil, any updates for us?
Sep 26 06:08:40 <Akhil>	srag, nothing from my side ..
Sep 26 06:08:46 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us?
Sep 26 06:09:33 <srag>	Lucky, anything to share with us?
Sep 26 06:09:47 <chen>	srag: just submmitted some patches for nld9 sp4 and didn have much luck with visa, so we will not be able to make for boston summit
Sep 26 06:10:02 <Lucky>	srag, nothing special, got success in getting message filter from .Archive physical folder as well as from other folder .. 
Sep 26 06:10:17 <srag>	chen, ah :(
Sep 26 06:10:19 *	You are now known as mbarnes
Sep 26 06:10:23 <chen>	srag: will be looking into items to be done for calendar for the 2.14 and some planning on those lines
Sep 26 06:10:26 <srag>	chen, when is google calendar code hitting the trunk?
Sep 26 06:10:30 <Lucky>	srag, nothing more on my side.. :)
Sep 26 06:10:33 <srag>	s/2.14/2.22 ;-)
Sep 26 06:10:43 <srag>	Lucky, thanks
Sep 26 06:10:52 <Lucky>	srag, Thanks :)
Sep 26 06:11:02 <chen>	srag: prolly for GNOME 2.21.1 as we discussed earlier
Sep 26 06:11:16 <srag>	cool chen 
Sep 26 06:11:22 <srag>	luckybharath, anything to share with us?
Sep 26 06:11:49 *	Lucky is now known as Lucky|brb
Sep 26 06:11:59 <luckybharath>	srag: just working on those smart card patches. once all the issues get resolved we can commit them to trunk.
Sep 26 06:12:00 <srag>	hey mbarnes anything to share with us?
Sep 26 06:12:09 <srag>	luckybharath, cool. Lets get them for 2.22.1
Sep 26 06:12:13 <luckybharath>	srag: will talk with nirav on the next task as well
Sep 26 06:12:15 <srag>	luckybharath, cool. Lets get them for 2.21.1 :)
Sep 26 06:12:21 <srag>	ok.
Sep 26 06:12:35 <mbarnes>	hi srag, I'm making progress on the Bonobo-less composer branch
Sep 26 06:12:57 <mbarnes>	also, I can keep the website up-to-date if it's not much more than version and documentation updates
Sep 26 06:13:03 <srag>	cool mbarnes. when can we have some screenshots/feel of the branch
Sep 26 06:13:14 <srag>	mbarnes, it is just that and nothing more :)
Sep 26 06:13:27 <srag>	Im wokring with srinidhi and few other guys to get the wiki revamped
Sep 26 06:13:41 <srag>	s/wokring/working
Sep 26 06:13:52 <mbarnes>	well, the new composer should look exactly like the old composer at first
Sep 26 06:14:08 <mbarnes>	but will be designed to allow us to move widgets around much easier
Sep 26 06:14:21 <srag>	mbarnes, ok. anything on xkahn's UI improvements?
Sep 26 06:14:24 <mbarnes>	and maybe implement some of xkahn's ideas
Sep 26 06:14:29 <mbarnes>	:)
Sep 26 06:14:34 <srag>	** mid air collision ** 
Sep 26 06:14:44 <srag>	:)
Sep 26 06:14:59 <srag>	some of them were really nice and I would love to get it.
Sep 26 06:15:24 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us? 
Sep 26 06:15:24 <mbarnes>	me too... matching the old composer is mainly for validation purposes
Sep 26 06:15:32 <srag>	mbarnes, ok :)
Sep 26 06:15:43 <srag>	mbarnes, and I will review your gtk+ patches  this week for sure :)
Sep 26 06:15:52 <mbarnes>	cool, thanks  :)
Sep 26 06:16:06 <srag>	prasad, anything to share with us?
Sep 26 06:16:41 <prasad>	srag: nothing from my side
Sep 26 06:16:58 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Sep 26 06:17:05 <psankar>	srag, nothing from me... clearing mail backlogs, etc. nothing much
Sep 26 06:17:11 <srag>	any plugins improvements? 
Sep 26 06:17:30 <srag>	shashish, anything to share with us?
Sep 26 06:17:42 <psankar>	srag, a few things in my mind... nothing materialised so far
Sep 26 06:17:43 <shashish>	srag, nothing much....working towards to mail formatter plugin....start with to getting knowledge on plugins, n going through mailer code
Sep 26 06:17:44 <mcrha>	hi srag, sorry, nothing today, only I was talking to jakub, about strict-aliasing warnings and he suggested to use anonymous unions, so there will be less changes in code, and I will look at it near in the feature
Sep 26 06:17:57 <psankar>	srag, will share if there is any progress
Sep 26 06:18:04 <srag>	psankar, ok :)
Sep 26 06:18:10 <srag>	shashish, cool.
Sep 26 06:18:22 <Akhil>	mbarnes, hi..one doubt....are you planning to change message read icon..it doesn't look good 
Sep 26 06:18:36 <srag>	Akhil, I dont think mbarnes did anything there to look bad ;-)
Sep 26 06:18:41 *	Lucky|brb is now known as Lucky
Sep 26 06:18:57 <srag>	you may have to post to the g-i-t guys
Sep 26 06:19:06 <psankar>	Akhil, gnome-icon-theme
Sep 26 06:19:12 <srag>	another important thing is that
Sep 26 06:19:13 <Akhil>	srag, i thought he added new one as attachment icon 
Sep 26 06:19:20 <mbarnes>	Akhil: I've already submitted a patch to change it to "mail-read" instead of "stock_mail-read"... looks much better
Sep 26 06:19:22 <srag>	Akhil, ok.
Sep 26 06:19:29 <srag>	mbarnes, ok
Sep 26 06:19:57 <Akhil>	mbarnes, thanks :)
Sep 26 06:20:01 <srag>	I have been in discussion with OpenChange guys for getting their exchange plugin to shape with Evolution
Sep 26 06:20:52 <srag>	and they have discovered that the 'GPLv2' and 'GPLv2 or later' licensed code in Evolution is incompatible with Samba which is GPL3
Sep 26 06:21:24 <srag>	and I was discussing with the legal team and they sort of proposing to dual license Evolution in V2 and V3.
Sep 26 06:21:45 <srag>	nothing materialized till now, but just sharing some discussion with them
Sep 26 06:21:57 <mbarnes>	I thought "GPLv2 or later" was compatible with GPLv3 ?
Sep 26 06:22:24 <srag>	mbarnes, yeah but the legal wanted to have that 'later to be known/specified'
Sep 26 06:22:36 <srag>	but they haven't come back to what I have said, but let me see
Sep 26 06:23:01 <mbarnes>	so what's in store for Evolution Exchange once the OpenChange plugin matures?
Sep 26 06:23:09 <srag>	just an update and I would initiate a discussion in e-h before doing it
Sep 26 06:23:40 <srag>	mbarnes, OpenChange seems to be a better way if you look at mapi (5.5 2K 2K3  2K7)
Sep 26 16:00:31 <srag>  mbarnes, OpenChange seems to be a better way if you look at mapi (5.5 2K 2K3  2K7)
Sep 26 16:00:54 <srag>  but we are also evaluating EWS approach which seems to be much documented and futuristic
Sep 26 16:01:27 <srag>  for now, OpenChange seems to be fine for now with 2007 support, but addressbook/cal not impl.
Sep 26 16:01:58 <srag>  mbarnes, the current connector would deprecate once the other matures because of the better design / approach
