Oct 31 06:04:47 <srag>	hello every one
Oct 31 06:04:54 <Lucky>	hello :) 
Oct 31 06:04:56 <srag>	I just sent out an email on 2.21.1 release
Oct 31 06:04:56 *	Akhil (~akhil@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Oct 31 06:05:15 <srag>	and except one mistake all the versions are synced with GNOME
Oct 31 06:05:27 <srag>	I missed to sync the minor version of GtkHTML with GNOME version
Oct 31 06:05:47 <srag>	I'm not sure, if we can sync it later on. If not I would do it in the next cycle.
Oct 31 06:06:03 <schooms>	cool !!
Oct 31 06:06:49 <srag>	Apart from that, I just got my net connection back (after a month) and I would catch up on the patches here on. 
Oct 31 06:06:55 *	srinidhi (~srinidhi@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Oct 31 06:07:01 <srag>	And I would be on vacation from next week for 2 weeks
Oct 31 06:07:21 <srag>	I hope that before that I would close most of my MAPI addressbook things
Oct 31 06:07:29 <srag>	Thatz it from my side
Oct 31 06:07:35 <srag>	We can go around the channel
Oct 31 06:07:42 <srag>	Akhil, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:08:02 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:08:09 <Akhil>	srag, nothing from my side 
Oct 31 06:08:21 <chen>	srag: working on some customer issues
Oct 31 06:08:27 <chen>	nothing much other than that
Oct 31 06:08:30 <srag>	chen, ok.
Oct 31 06:08:52 <srag>	chen, you may have to see, if we need to do some cool integration with the intl-clock in this cycle
Oct 31 06:09:13 <srag>	chen, I forwarded some details to you on that sometime back and made that on d-d-l also on some thread
Oct 31 06:09:25 <srag>	Lucky, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:09:43 <chen>	srag: sure! once after resolving these issues we can get that done...
Oct 31 06:10:04 <srag>	cool chen 
Oct 31 06:10:19 <srag>	luckybharath, anything to share with us ? (didn't miss you this time :)
Oct 31 06:10:39 <luckybharath>	srag: working on the pst stuff. identified the prob. just need to sync up with the file format changes.
Oct 31 06:10:46 <srag>	luckybharath, cool.
Oct 31 06:10:51 <Lucky>	srag, GUI added to for archiving and groupwise archiving is done .., Review is going on patch.. :)
Oct 31 06:10:56 <luckybharath>	srag: u missed jony this time ;)
Oct 31 06:10:57 <srag>	luckybharath, it will be nice to put it in a branch and try out things
Oct 31 06:11:06 <srag>	Lucky, cool
Oct 31 06:11:14 <luckybharath>	srag: sure will work it out with u
Oct 31 06:11:19 <srag>	ah!
Oct 31 06:11:23 <Lucky>	srag, thats from my side Thankx srag :)
Oct 31 06:11:26 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:11:30 <jony>	srag: evolution-sharp version bump and more mapi provider stuff .. 
Oct 31 06:11:38 <srag>	jony, cool
Oct 31 06:11:42 *	ashish (~ashish@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Oct 31 06:11:46 <srag>	mbarnes, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:12:07 <mbarnes>	finally starting to seriously look at the camel-lite merging; haven't had much time for it until now
Oct 31 06:12:07 <mbarnes>	also still trying to get the website up to date
Oct 31 06:12:07 <mbarnes>	that's it from me
Oct 31 06:12:31 <srag>	mbarnes, nice to hear the camel thingy
Oct 31 06:12:47 <srag>	mbarnes, thx
Oct 31 06:12:55 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:13:09 <srag>	mbarnes, are you catching up on the patches as well?
Oct 31 06:13:20 <mcrha>	hi srag, just looking on older calendar bugs, get rid of easy fixes. also review patches by kmaaras and approved most of them
Oct 31 06:13:31 <srag>	mcrha, cool. saw that
Oct 31 06:13:43 <mbarnes>	srag: trying to, been busy with RHEL stuff
Oct 31 06:13:52 <srag>	mbarnes, ok :)
Oct 31 06:14:05 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:14:10 <psankar>	Working on some freq. passwd popup for GW Addressbook issues.
Oct 31 06:14:15 <psankar>	 Committed my 0.1 version of using gvim as composer... 
Oct 31 06:14:18 <srag>	psankar, ok
Oct 31 06:14:19 <psankar>	And some code cleanups in plugins
Oct 31 06:14:23 <srag>	psankar, when are we having the hackfest?
Oct 31 06:14:34 <srag>	psankar, make sure that it is not after the freezes begin
Oct 31 06:14:36 <srag>	:)
Oct 31 06:14:55 <psankar>	srag, no idea... mapi, gw passwd prompts issues are blocking ... probably in another month
Oct 31 06:15:08 <srag>	psankar, try try try... :)
Oct 31 06:15:09 <psankar>	or after Christmas vacation
Oct 31 06:15:13 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:15:17 <srag>	psankar, we would be UI announce then
Oct 31 06:15:18 <psankar>	srag, thanks :)
Oct 31 06:15:20 <schooms>	more MAPI stuff.. able to get calendar and tasks from server now.. yay !! working on create/modify/delete items :)
Oct 31 06:15:26 <srag>	cool
Oct 31 06:15:34 <srag>	schooms, lets get it done fast
Oct 31 06:15:46 <schooms>	srag: sure.. :)
Oct 31 06:15:56 *	srag feels more comfortable on the mapi provider now
Oct 31 06:16:08 <srag>	we should deprecate ours soon and make this the default in next release or so
Oct 31 06:16:21 <srag>	srinidhi, anything to share with us?
Oct 31 06:17:07 <srag>	I hope I didn't miss anyone
Oct 31 06:17:13 <srag>	Anything else to discuss ?
Oct 31 06:17:42 <Akhil>	srag, i just want to put forward my observation in bgo 
Oct 31 06:17:51 <Akhil>	if time permitts 
Oct 31 06:17:52 <srag>	sure Akhil 
Oct 31 06:18:26 <Akhil>	srag, During triaging in bgo i found that there are almost 10 crasher bugs which are fedora 7 (moonshine) specific. 
Oct 31 06:18:36 <Akhil>	If mbarnes and mcrha can have a look once, bgo could get rid of hundreds of duplicates per week.
Oct 31 06:18:41 <srinidhi>	srag: nothing much... :)
Oct 31 06:18:43 *	jon1 (~jjohnny@125.16.129.17) has joined #evolution-meet
Oct 31 06:18:58 <srag>	Akhil, nice thought. mcrha mbarnes ?
Oct 31 06:19:11 <mbarnes>	Akhil: email me a list of them please and I'll take a look
Oct 31 06:19:12 <Akhil>	(all are in Needinfo state :()
Oct 31 06:19:15 <srag>	Akhil, can we plan for a bug day to get rid of bugs older than 2.6 atleast?
Oct 31 06:19:27 <Akhil>	mbarnes, sure ..
Oct 31 06:19:30 <srag>	so that we can deal with the latest ones
Oct 31 06:19:46 <srag>	we can narrow down them to 2.10/2.12 later
Oct 31 06:19:52 <Akhil>	srag, i will try and let you know about plan 
Oct 31 06:20:01 <srag>	what we deal currently are 2.12 and head nothing else
Oct 31 06:20:05 <srag>	Akhil, great
Oct 31 06:20:10 *	schooms has seen some ancient bugs... ranging back to 1.x 
Oct 31 06:20:15 <psankar>	Akhil, if you find something like tis next time, u can tell them in #evo itself
Oct 31 06:20:22 <psankar>	without waiting for the weekly meet :)
Oct 31 06:20:46 <srag>	ok guys. thatz it from my side
Oct 31 06:21:03 <srag>	catch you all next week. 
Oct 31 06:21:05 *	Akhil wants to put after observation of atleast 2 weeks :)

