Oct 24 06:02:48 <srag>	Hello Everyone
Oct 24 06:03:15 <srag>	I haven't attended the meeting myself regularly for the past 1 month
Oct 24 06:03:23 <srag>	will be regular from here on
Oct 24 06:03:30 <srag>	Ok.
Oct 24 06:03:40 <srag>	We have Evolution 2.21.1 on monday 
Oct 24 06:04:00 <srag>	and a big thanks to Chen to quickly review the Google Calendar and get it in at the right time
Oct 24 06:04:20 <srag>	We have the new look tango icons part of the release
Oct 24 06:04:30 <srag>	I dont think we have anything big apart from those and lots of bug fixes
Oct 24 06:04:57 <srag>	I saw that the patches have touched 100+ and Im going slow on that for atleast another week
Oct 24 06:05:12 <srag>	Most of you would have seen the announce mail on MAPI work in the branch
Oct 24 06:05:30 <srag>	it is stealing most of our efforts and 4 out of entire team is on to that work
Oct 24 06:05:47 <srag>	we hope that by late november it should be mostly working fine
Oct 24 06:05:56 <srag>	Thatz it from my side
Oct 24 06:06:05 <srag>	we can go around the channel
Oct 24 06:06:10 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:06:51 <srag>	Lucky, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:07:00 <jony>	srag: mostly mapi work 
Oct 24 06:07:11 <Lucky>	srag, not so special .. :(
Oct 24 06:07:31 <Lucky>	srag, Just going ahead with groupwise archiving :)
Oct 24 06:07:46 <srag>	jony, when do you plan to finish the store summary impl?
Oct 24 06:07:57 *	srag cant wait to see the folder list and the mails 
Oct 24 06:07:58 <Lucky>	srag, And got auto archiving working properly .. :)
Oct 24 06:08:06 <srag>	Lucky, cool
Oct 24 06:08:08 <Lucky>	thats from my side ... 
Oct 24 06:08:10 <Lucky>	:)
Oct 24 06:08:20 <jony>	srag: that shud be done before this weekend .. v shud be getting folder list and mails by this friday .. :)
Oct 24 06:08:23 <Lucky>	srag, thanks :)
Oct 24 06:08:30 <srag>	jony, that will be great
Oct 24 06:08:45 <srag>	jony, lets go steady on that and do it right first time :)
Oct 24 06:08:57 <srag>	mbarnes, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:09:13 <jony>	srag: sure . :)
Oct 24 06:09:18 *	srag thinks that mbarnes might be sleeping right now
Oct 24 06:09:26 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:09:44 <mcrha>	I wanted to suggest a 'patch review day', say on next tuesday or week after that, but as you mentioned above, you've couple of work, so maybe later
Oct 24 06:09:58 <srag>	mcrha, nothing this week and next week.
Oct 24 06:10:07 <mcrha>	that's fine :)
Oct 24 06:10:25 *	srinidhi is now known as srinidhi|afk
Oct 24 06:10:26 <srag>	mcrha, I think you plan it this time and I hope that you will be on the reviewing side this time :)
Oct 24 06:10:46 <mcrha>	otherwise I moved some bugs from our bugzilla and attached some patches, and I will try to continue with it
Oct 24 06:10:53 <srag>	mcrha, great
Oct 24 06:10:59 <mcrha>	ahh, I was hoping I will be on that other side ;)
Oct 24 06:11:16 <mcrha>	but we can try, definitely :)
Oct 24 06:11:18 <srag>	Since Im going slow on it, I have asked mbarnes to fill the gap in the pending patches
Oct 24 06:11:23 <srag>	mcrha, sure :)
Oct 24 06:11:32 <srag>	prasad, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:11:35 <mcrha>	btw, what's the freeze now?
Oct 24 06:11:46 <srag>	mcrha, on the trunk nothing
Oct 24 06:11:58 <srag>	on the stable branch we still have UI/String/API/ABI
Oct 24 06:11:58 <mcrha>	I see some commit after freeze patches, maybe we can push them now?
Oct 24 06:12:14 <srag>	mcrha, sure to trunk
Oct 24 06:12:29 <mcrha>	ok, I can look for it, if you are ok with it
Oct 24 06:12:36 <srag>	mcrha, that will be awesome
Oct 24 06:12:50 <mcrha>	deal srag :)
Oct 24 06:13:00 <srag>	mcrha, :)
Oct 24 06:13:02 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:13:10 <psankar>	Wrote a plugin to use gvim/whatever as Evo composer. Bare-bones version should be in by today. 
Oct 24 06:13:25 <srag>	psankar, Wow
Oct 24 06:13:42 <srag>	psankar, I remember hearing this from so many people, so many times.
Oct 24 06:13:58 <srag>	psankar, is your mono plugins work in trunk?
Oct 24 06:14:04 <srag>	psankar, it has to be :)
Oct 24 06:14:08 <srag>	for 2.21.1
Oct 24 06:14:09 <psankar>	srag, some kernel folks complained that they will never use evo. until this is done
Oct 24 06:14:22 <psankar>	srag, so took up that - evo-vi-composer thingy
Oct 24 06:14:35 <srag>	psankar, I think this is really nice.
Oct 24 06:14:47 <srag>	psankar, on the mono plugins front?
Oct 24 06:14:48 <psankar>	srag, mono-plugins is not yet in.... i can add the plyugin-priorities thing alone
Oct 24 06:14:56 <psankar>	*commit*
Oct 24 06:15:07 <srag>	psankar, ah! can you woooork hard to get that in for 2.21.1?
Oct 24 06:15:29 <psankar>	Mono needs a lot of external testing before i commit it.... the patch is there in bugzilla
Oct 24 06:15:40 <jony>	psankar: also the plugin configure tabs .. :) 
Oct 24 06:15:57 <srag>	psankar, unless it hits the trunk, the amount of testing you get will be leeeess
Oct 24 06:16:05 <mcrha>	psankar, srag I'm sorry, what's going on with gvim? (we can discuss offline, of course)
Oct 24 06:16:20 <psankar>	jony, patch for configurable-plugins is also done... it is in bugzilla... just needs more testing/commit
Oct 24 06:16:24 <srag>	mcrha, psankar got the support to external editors.
Oct 24 06:16:43 <srag>	you can compose mails in VI and send it from Evolution
Oct 24 06:16:57 <mcrha>	like no html toolbar in composer? :)
Oct 24 06:16:59 <srag>	psankar, right?
Oct 24 06:17:12 <srag>	psankar, commit them if you want more testing
Oct 24 06:17:13 <jony>	psankar: bug# ? :) 
Oct 24 06:17:14 <psankar>	mcrha, if u want to send patches inline , evo screws up with its line-width constraints... so some people wanted to send mails via vi
Oct 24 06:17:17 <mcrha>	on cmd line? or in gui?
Oct 24 06:17:27 <psankar>	mcrha, was trying to do that
Oct 24 06:17:55 <srag>	hey pvanhoof 
Oct 24 06:18:00 <srag>	pvanhoof, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:18:02 <psankar>	mcrha, gui.... it is just for people who dont want to use "pre-format"
Oct 24 06:18:16 <pvanhoof>	No, just following
Oct 24 06:18:25 <srag>	pvanhoof, ok :)
Oct 24 06:18:28 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:18:30 <mcrha>	psankar, ok, so I will see when it will be in trunk :)
Oct 24 06:18:30 <psankar>	in composer adn use gvim bcos they have other view constraints applied in their gvim environment
Oct 24 06:18:35 <schooms>	srag: mapi cal backend .. not much to say.. just steady progress.. :)
Oct 24 06:18:40 <psankar>	mcrha, and people wanted key-bindings
Oct 24 06:18:49 <psankar>	mcrha, sure thing :) that'll be ebtter
Oct 24 06:18:59 <srag>	schooms, ok
Oct 24 06:19:09 <srag>	srinidhi|afk, there?
Oct 24 06:19:32 <jony>	srag: u missed luckybharath :) 
Oct 24 06:19:38 *	luckybharath is always missed from the list :'(
Oct 24 06:19:40 <srag>	Oops
Oct 24 06:19:45 <schooms>	;)
Oct 24 06:19:45 <srag>	luckybharath, anything to share with us?
Oct 24 06:20:02 <luckybharath>	srag: working on Pst import. going good. the file formats now match those of the 2003 format files. i'm able to import the contacts and mails from pst files. will look into calendar now
Oct 24 06:20:13 <srag>	luckybharath, coool.
Oct 24 06:20:16 <luckybharath>	srag: the smartcard setup also going good. able to detect certificates on the card
Oct 24 06:20:24 <srag>	when do you think that this can hit trunk?
Oct 24 06:20:30 <srag>	I think this will help a lot of Exchange users
Oct 24 06:20:52 <luckybharath>	maybe 2.21.3
Oct 24 06:21:00 <luckybharath>	will try to finish it by the next release
Oct 24 06:21:11 <srag>	luckybharath, ok. that is great
Oct 24 06:21:45 <srag>	Im working on the MAPI based addressbook thingy and I hope that in another 1 week, the work will be done
Oct 24 06:21:59 <srag>	the branch now has a working code, which can provide you readonly access to the books
Oct 24 06:22:04 <srag>	thatz it over all
Oct 24 06:22:14 <srag>	anything else to discuss?
Oct 24 06:22:42 <srag>	ok. bye every one.

