Oct 17 12:04:35 <chen>  Lets get started...
Oct 17 12:05:00 <chen>  Let me start with updates from srag
Oct 17 12:05:39 <chen>  He will be creating a branch for openchange for the exchange 2007 development
Oct 17 12:06:44 <chen>  There is the first development release coming up for evolution-2.21.x coming october 29th
Oct 17 12:07:20 <chen>  One of the features that's going to be added for it is google calendar!
Oct 17 12:08:07 <chen>  I think we might also support the mono plugins.  Keep your fingers crossed for updates from sankar!
Oct 17 12:08:15 <schooms>       cool !!
Oct 17 12:08:36 <chen>  We need to review all the critical patches for the release...
Oct 17 12:10:00 <chen>  Updates from my side, have been in touch with the Ebby (the Soc who did the google calendar stuff), reviewing/testing his patch more. I will listing the features which the initial patch will contain and he would be enhancing furture during the following dot release
Oct 17 12:10:22 <chen>  By the end of 2.22 we would have a complete google calendar functionality in evolution!
Oct 17 12:10:40 <chen>  Lets go around the room now...
Oct 17 12:10:46 <chen>  andre: any updates for us ?
Oct 17 12:11:09 <andre> no, no. i'm just slacking at the university and waiting for my laptop to get fixed. :)
Oct 17 12:11:29 <chen>  andre: cool :)
Oct 17 12:11:35 <chen>  ashish: any updates ?
Oct 17 12:11:44 <ashish>        chen,I'm working on to provide Email protective marking standard for Australian Government agency, have plan to complete in this week.
Oct 17 12:11:48 <andre> chen: well, depends on how long it takes to get it fixed ;-)
Oct 17 12:12:10 <chen>  hehe
Oct 17 12:12:45 <chen>  ashish: that's nice 
Oct 17 12:13:06 <chen>  jony: howz the exchange 2007 support coming up ?
Oct 17 12:13:18 <jony>  chen: v r doing good .. :) 
Oct 17 12:13:26 <jony>  chen: today srag & /me got the account setup plugin working. and put in some initial layout for eds
Oct 17 12:13:56 <chen>  jony: that's great!!
Oct 17 12:14:07 <jony>  :)
Oct 17 12:15:11 <chen>  jony: so the patches for the 2007 would be committed in the openchange branch and will be upstreamed for evo-2.22, right ?
Oct 17 12:15:23 <jony>  chen: thatz the plan
Oct 17 12:15:33 <chen>  jony: good
Oct 17 12:15:41 <chen>  mcrha: any updates for us ?
Oct 17 12:15:50 <mcrha> no no chen
Oct 17 12:16:12 <chen>  mcrha: ah that's surprising :)
Oct 17 12:16:22 <mcrha> really? ;)
Oct 17 12:16:37 <chen>  mcrha: yeah ;)
Oct 17 12:16:43 <chen>  schooms: any updates ?
Oct 17 12:16:54 <mcrha> I'm just playing with bug, you know
Oct 17 12:16:56 *       andre stole last week's hacking time of mcrha :-P
Oct 17 12:17:08 <schooms>       chen: nope.. just getting the openchange stuff to work now !!
Oct 17 12:17:42 <chen>  schooms: good!
Oct 17 12:17:47 *       luckybharath is invisible :(
Oct 17 12:17:54 <chen>  srinidhi: any updates for us ?
Oct 17 12:18:02 <mcrha> chen, I had only two things for psankar and mbarnes, but none of theme here, so I've nothing
Oct 17 12:18:04 <chen>  ah I missed u
Oct 17 12:18:10 <luckybharath>  :)
Oct 17 12:18:12 <chen>  luckybharath: updates ?
Oct 17 12:18:24 <luckybharath>  chen: me trying my hands on pst import.  just some reading on it. figured out some of the changes in the file formats. will speed up on tht.
Oct 17 12:18:36 <srinidhi>      chen: nope.. :)
Oct 17 12:18:50 <luckybharath>  chen: there will be some good progress by the end of this week :)
Oct 17 12:18:51 <chen>  mcrha: oh ok, the patch reviews ?
Oct 17 12:19:16 <chen>  luckybharath: gr8
Oct 17 12:19:50 <mcrha> nono, I saw log from last meeting (which I missed) and psankar mentioned there he will write 7 steps how to create plugins, so I just want to say him that he should mention there to people honor functions prototypes
Oct 17 12:20:31 <mcrha> and mbarnes said there something about changelogs which I don't understand, it was something like "write there what, not where" or something. What does it mean?
Oct 17 12:21:10 <andre> mcrha: don't write "fixed bug 123456", but explain what exactly the bug was about :)
Oct 17 12:21:22 <chen>  mcrha: hmm 
Oct 17 12:21:50 <chen>  mcrha: you got the answer :)
Oct 17 12:22:02 <mcrha> so, too hard to explain a bug, sometimes
Oct 17 12:22:21 <andre> ...so distros don't have to look up every single bug report, but can just consider by reading the changelog entry if they should ship the patch
Oct 17 12:22:55 <mcrha> it's a bad idea to ship only  a part of release, definitely ;)
Oct 17 12:23:00 <chen>  yes I second andre and we all need to follow that
Oct 17 12:23:14 <andre> mcrha: tell that to ubuntu and novell-suse :)
Oct 17 12:23:32 <mcrha> just forward them when you meet them ;)
Oct 17 12:23:41 <andre> hehe
Oct 17 12:23:51 *       jony remembers a ML thread on this 
Oct 17 12:23:51 <chen>  andre: hmm we all are here
Oct 17 12:23:59 <andre> distro policies...
Oct 17 12:24:05 <chen>  andre: what's that you want to convey ? ;)
Oct 17 12:24:24 <chen>  apart from changelogs ofcourse
Oct 17 12:24:29 <andre> i refered to the backport policy of suse and ubuntu. instead of shipping the latest release, you have to beg for backporting patches sometimes.
Oct 17 12:24:51 *       andre is writing this wearing his release-team hat
Oct 17 12:25:16 <andre> but that's not the hackers' fault, it's a management decision. so i don't blame you :)
Oct 17 12:25:25 <chen>  andre: I hope they are shipping the latest stable release
Oct 17 12:26:07 <andre> for suse10.2, i sometimes had a lot of discussions about shipping crasher fixes. anyway, move on with evo stuff, i got to get some breakfast :-)
Oct 17 12:26:21 <chen>  hehe
Oct 17 12:26:36 <chen>  andre: there are lot things which has changed from 10.3
Oct 17 12:26:53 <andre> yepp, looking really forward to that
Oct 17 12:27:24 <andre> menza! i'm out! happy hacking :-)
Oct 17 12:27:28 *       andre has quit (later...)
Oct 17 12:27:55 <chen>  Ok that's all for this week. Lets meet next week again with more updates ...
Oct 17 12:28:19 <mcrha> hopefully ;)
Oct 17 12:28:42 <chen>  Please feel free to mail srag if you have any queries ...
