Dec 19 05:00:50 <srag>	Evening guys
Dec 19 05:01:18 *	andre (~andre@dslb-088-070-083-162.pools.arcor-ip.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Dec 19 05:01:20 *	monkey|bot gives channel operator status to andre
Dec 19 05:01:28 <srag>	We had release 2.21.4 on Monday and as per the discussion on e-h list, the trunk version is bumped to be later than the tarball version
Dec 19 05:02:11 <srag>	Also, we have the UI/String announce in place, and so while approving patches/committing make sure that it is announced accordingly
Dec 19 05:03:00 <srag>	We are having 2.12.3 on Jan 7th. It will be the last stable release for 2.12 series and just see if there are any bugs that are left  to be ported/committed to that branch
Dec 19 05:03:12 <srag>	Apart from that...
Dec 19 05:03:43 <srag>	I'm hoping that we would commit ashish's patch (After review/rework) before feature freeze (Custom header for sending mails)
Dec 19 05:03:52 <srag>	No other feature should be getting in
Dec 19 05:04:26 <srag>	I have committed Non-intrusive errors to trunk as part of 2.21.4 and I hope that I would receive feedbacks so that we can improve it much before the UI freeze
Dec 19 05:04:53 <srag>	Another important thing that we need to address is to either fix "Summary mismatch" or make a working work-around for hta
Dec 19 05:05:00 <srag>	s/hta/that
Dec 19 05:05:19 <srag>	We need to take that fast, I'm thinking of 2.21.5
Dec 19 05:05:46 <srag>	thatz it from my side
Dec 19 05:05:53 <srag>	andre, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:06:04 <andre>	nope
Dec 19 05:06:23 <srag>	andre, we would be having atleast one stacktrace-hackfest during this cycle.
Dec 19 05:06:43 <srag>	andre, nice if you have a list of fixable bugs ;-) in 2.12 (I know you have)
Dec 19 05:06:46 <andre>	that's good, but you will need more ;-)
Dec 19 05:06:54 <srag>	"atleast one" :)
Dec 19 05:07:11 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:07:17 <andre>	just query bugzilla for bugs with STACKTRACE keyword. there should be enough crashes for everybody :)
Dec 19 05:07:33 <abharath>	srag: nothing much. just hoping for a server setup by the weekend
Dec 19 05:07:50 <srag>	yeah... but if there is a much shorter list to take first... might be great... anyway.. it is ok.
Dec 19 05:07:53 <srag>	abharath, ok.
Dec 19 05:08:07 <srag>	abharath, anything on PST side?
Dec 19 05:08:47 <abharath>	srag: nothing much. want to complete smart card first
Dec 19 05:08:50 <srag>	AJA, is away, I guess
Dec 19 05:09:01 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:09:13 <ashish>	srag, nothing much... i'm started working on to implement server side rules.
Dec 19 05:09:21 <srag>	ashish, server side rules?
Dec 19 05:09:40 <srag>	ashish, make sure that the custom headers is committed before anything else
Dec 19 05:09:44 <srag>	ashish, which backend?
Dec 19 05:09:57 <psankar>	whois AJA ?
Dec 19 05:10:02 <srag>	mcrha
Dec 19 05:10:04 <ashish>	srag, rules just like filter...but it execute on server side...like groupwise rules..
Dec 19 05:10:23 <srag>	I know that. For which backend are you implementing
Dec 19 05:10:35 <psankar>	srag, ashish only for GW
Dec 19 05:10:35 *	srag is not aware of the work :(
Dec 19 05:10:38 <srag>	ok
Dec 19 05:10:53 <srag>	psankar, ashish we will discuss after the meeting
Dec 19 05:10:57 <psankar>	To set OO precisely
Dec 19 05:10:59 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:11:01 <ashish>	srag, ok..
Dec 19 05:11:04 <psankar>	Out-of-Office
Dec 19 05:11:16 <jony>	srag: moslty mapi. some patch reviews .. 
Dec 19 05:11:21 <srag>	psankar, we 'll see it
Dec 19 05:11:26 <jony>	and looking at patches for stable release .. 
Dec 19 05:11:40 <srag>	jony, have a watch on attachment-reminder issues and pending patches
Dec 19 05:11:51 <srag>	And have a nice trip to Australia :)
Dec 19 05:11:52 <jony>	srag: sure .. & i would like to get that search patch reviewed :) 
Dec 19 05:11:57 <jony>	srag: thanks !! :D 
Dec 19 05:12:03 <srag>	jony, I would :)
Dec 19 05:12:14 <srag>	prasad, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:12:45 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:13:02 <psankar>	srag, nothing much... excpet that I am going on vacation
Dec 19 05:13:08 <psankar>	will review mcrha's patch
Dec 19 05:13:24 <psankar>	gave some commetns earlier... he said he has fixed tehm in his new patch
Dec 19 05:13:31 <srag>	psankar, cool. Also review other patches I have asked you :)
Dec 19 05:13:31 <psankar>	will have too look @ it
Dec 19 05:13:36 <srag>	sure
Dec 19 05:13:56 <srag>	psankar, are you fixing up the new issues in the mONO plugin and committing that for 2.21.5?
Dec 19 05:14:30 <psankar>	srag, the enw plyugin configure is crashing mono plugin... will try to get it in for next release
Dec 19 05:14:32 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:14:36 <srag>	psankar, cool
Dec 19 05:14:40 <schooms>	srag: working on timezone handling for MAPI... need some more time on that.. 
Dec 19 05:14:46 <srag>	schooms, ok.
Dec 19 05:15:06 <srag>	schooms, ping chen to review your patches (I still see that one patch in Exchange Tasks)
Dec 19 05:15:14 *	AJA is mcrha, hi
Dec 19 05:15:22 <srag>	hey AJA 
Dec 19 05:15:30 <srag>	anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:15:31 <schooms>	srag: will do once chen gets better :)
Dec 19 05:15:39 <srag>	schooms, sure :)
Dec 19 05:15:49 <srag>	AJA, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:16:09 <AJA>	hi srag, no no, just label work
Dec 19 05:16:28 <srag>	AJA, cool. I heard from some where that you were looking for new task? Is that so? ;-)
Dec 19 05:16:34 *	srag has few more reserved for AJA 
Dec 19 05:16:59 <AJA>	hehe,have about 3 bugs to soleve, and reviews in a queu
Dec 19 05:17:00 <srag>	srinidhi, anything to share with us?
Dec 19 05:17:08 <srag>	AJA, just kidding :)
Dec 19 05:17:09 <srinidhi>	srag: nope.. :)
Dec 19 05:17:39 <srag>	Guys, I will be on vacation from Tomorrow till end of this year. I will be slowwwwww in reading/replying mails and patches
Dec 19 05:18:21 <srag>	Otherwise, I would prefer to cancel next week's meeting
Dec 19 05:18:33 <srag>	I can see that most of the hackers are bangalore are on leave
Dec 19 05:18:46 <psankar>	+1
Dec 19 05:18:49 <jony>	all : i'll be on a long vacation for the next 3 weeks ( 1st 2 weeks of jan) 
Dec 19 05:18:53 <srag>	We can have our next meeting on Jan 2nd
Dec 19 05:19:26 *	AJA is off all next week to Jan 2nd
Dec 19 05:19:40 <srag>	most of us. So We cancel our next week's meeting
Dec 19 05:19:52 <srag>	Anything else to discuss?
Dec 19 05:20:50 <srag>	Ok guys.. See you all on Jan 2nd. Merry Christmas and a very Happy New year.
Dec 19 05:20:57 <psankar>	Merry Christmas and a very Happy New year.
Dec 19 05:20:59 *	psankar has quit (Ex-Chat)
Dec 19 05:21:04 <srag>	bye
Dec 19 05:21:06 <jony>	happy holidays !! 

