Jun 25 06:09:46 <srag>	Hello guys,
Jun 25 06:10:58 *	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-158-1-69-179.w92-130.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 25 06:11:14 <srag>	we are having 2.22.3 on monday
Jun 25 06:11:25 *	psankar (~evo@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 25 06:11:26 <srag>	and we have a few blockers to be fixed
Jun 25 06:11:36 *	jony (~jjohnny@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 25 06:11:43 <jony>	ehlo all ! 
Jun 25 06:11:50 <srag>	me/sankar would fix the mbox corruption, which we sort of made the solution 
Jun 25 06:12:02 <srag>	chen, whatz the status on the google calendar hang ?
Jun 25 06:12:11 <srag>	panel hang
Jun 25 06:12:22 <chen>	srag, the patch has been attached to the bug
Jun 25 06:12:43 <srag>	chen, follow it up to get that done. Thanks
Jun 25 06:12:59 <chen>	srag, have already mailed vuntz about it
Jun 25 06:13:17 <srag>	Apart from that, CamelDBSummary is coming up well and some of the most difficult pieces getting done now...
Jun 25 06:13:21 <srag>	chen, sure
Jun 25 06:14:14 <srag>	psankar, is carving the db based search which will speed up evo search and take less memory (absolutely nothing)  and Im sort of running it under TotalView, VTune etc to speed up, cut memory
Jun 25 06:14:33 <srag>	and more vfolder things.. so we are a week or so away from merging it in trunk
Jun 25 06:15:01 <srag>	we would have it in trunk around GUADEC time, and I suggest most of the hackers should run from the branch, and I have the branch merged to trunk frequently
Jun 25 06:15:18 <srag>	we haven't yet ported the Exchange, but apart from that everythuing else works well
Jun 25 06:15:24 *	andre is now known as andre|afk
Jun 25 06:15:51 <srag>	but thatz at the end.
Jun 25 06:16:14 <srag>	apart from that, Me, Jony and chen are at GUADEC, and I would be interested to know if any of you guys there?
Jun 25 06:16:18 <srag>	mbarnes_, mcrha ?
Jun 25 06:16:41 <mcrha>	I will not probably, whether Matt I'm not aware of
Jun 25 06:16:45 <srag>	andre|afk, pack mcrha on to a flight to Istanbul ;-)
Jun 25 06:17:04 <andre|afk>	mcrha!!!! You will!!!
Jun 25 06:17:13 <andre|afk>	Don't make me kidnap you in Brno!
Jun 25 06:17:26 <srag>	hehe.. good. One task done...
Jun 25 06:17:29 <chen>	lol
Jun 25 06:17:37 <jony>	hehe
Jun 25 06:17:37 <srag>	now, who can get mbarnes_ to Istanbul?
Jun 25 06:18:00 <psankar>	srag, mbarnes has worked in military iirc, so you need someone strong ;-)
Jun 25 06:18:05 <srag>	I know jrb for sure, but who else? 
Jun 25 06:18:06 <schooms>	British Airways ;)
Jun 25 06:18:14 <srag>	:)
Jun 25 06:19:00 <srag>	if you guys there, we can plan a good get together :)
Jun 25 06:19:07 <abharath>	psankar: would the combined team of srag and chen do ;)
Jun 25 06:19:17 <andre|afk>	hmm, maybe i still have some iraqi weapons of mass destruction hidden under my bed
Jun 25 06:19:23 <abharath>	lol
Jun 25 06:19:23 <srag>	hehe :)
Jun 25 06:19:24 <psankar>	abharath, he he yes may be :-)
Jun 25 06:19:42 <chen>	lol
Jun 25 06:19:48 <srag>	Ok. we can go around the channel
Jun 25 06:19:52 <srag>	andre|afk, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:20:01 <psankar>	andre|afk, now I know why the US couldn't find any weapons of mass-detruciton in Iraq. you smuggeled them to your home ;-)
Jun 25 06:20:12 <srag>	:)
Jun 25 06:20:28 <andre|afk>	srag: not really. just the warning to not send mails to r-t on a monday morning, but earlier if you want to break any freezes ;-)
Jun 25 06:20:45 <srag>	andre|afk, sure, chen is doing it now(if not already done)
Jun 25 06:20:55 <srag>	chen, right?
Jun 25 06:21:04 <chen>	srag, right
Jun 25 06:21:09 <srag>	thx andre|afk :)
Jun 25 06:21:15 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:21:29 <abharath>	srag: Been working on Evo for Windows. Got a build in here now. writing scripts to automate the whole process now
Jun 25 06:21:59 <srag>	abharath, thatz awesome, I will pro'lly blog about the whole thing and get that one-click dev setup for windows
Jun 25 06:22:24 <abharath>	srag: cool. little more tweaks and it should be good enough
Jun 25 06:22:25 <srag>	it will be really good to get some Windows hackers on to it, apart from Tor and you :)
Jun 25 06:22:42 <abharath>	srag: :)
Jun 25 06:22:44 <srag>	once we do all that, we pro'll can say, we officially support Evo on windows
Jun 25 06:23:06 <srag>	and have a .exe release along with every dot release on all branches
Jun 25 06:23:21 <srag>	good work dude
Jun 25 06:23:25 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:23:30 <jony>	abharath: wondering about you template plugin :) wazzup with that :) 
Jun 25 06:23:31 <abharath>	srag: officially hmmm. Tor has been doing it. I'll follow up
Jun 25 06:23:34 <srag>	ashish, you need to get over the custom heares thing....
Jun 25 06:23:46 <ashish>	srag, Started working on non-intrusive error dialog for calender and working on some address book issues...
Jun 25 06:23:55 <srag>	abharath, but, it isn't announced.. was kept low, due to a few reasons 
Jun 25 06:23:59 <abharath>	jony: almost done :D will patch it up soon. hang on for a lil more time :D
Jun 25 06:24:05 <ashish>	srag, sure.....it is ready for review...
Jun 25 06:24:08 <jony>	abharath: cool ! 
Jun 25 06:24:14 <srag>	that we dont have any support if there are any windows specific things that come up
Jun 25 06:24:24 <srag>	ashish, ok. 
Jun 25 06:24:30 <srag>	ashish, ok.
Jun 25 06:24:34 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:24:45 <abharath>	srag: yup. I meant the installers for Stable releases not the official support
Jun 25 06:24:46 <chen>	srag, fixed the clock applet bug, working on some issues for dave,  completing the remaining part left out in camel disco migration
Jun 25 06:24:53 <srag>	abharath, ok.
Jun 25 06:24:56 <chen>	got to review some patches today.
Jun 25 06:25:00 <srag>	chen, ok.
Jun 25 06:25:16 <srag>	chen, are you / schooms on to the pending GCal issues ?
Jun 25 06:25:17 <chen>	srag, will be starting on the c# bindings for the EDS providers next week 
Jun 25 06:25:51 <chen>	srag, yup will be looking into the blocker issues alone, thinking about getting it done in c# ;)
Jun 25 06:26:08 <srag>	chen, we need to speak about the next plans for Mailer, once you are done with the disco-folder migration, we need to see, how to plan accordingly with C# bindings
Jun 25 06:26:44 <srag>	so guys, another announcement, which was bit low, we are seriously looking at moving Mailer to EDS at this moment...
Jun 25 06:27:02 <srag>	just some planning moving now, but , still more thinking going on.
Jun 25 06:27:19 <chen>	srag, yup, am just getting the c# things at evening times. so mornings we can spend on mailer :)
Jun 25 06:27:27 <srag>	chen, cool :)
Jun 25 06:27:35 <srag>	jony, any updates ?
Jun 25 06:27:38 <jony>	ï»¿srag: MAPI : we have decided not to stick with libmapi 0.7, rather move to trunk to take advantage of the new apis. nothing much apart form this :) 
Jun 25 06:27:52 <srag>	jony,  tag things well and go ahead
Jun 25 06:28:00 <jony>	srag: ah s .. i'll write up the db migration tool ASAP
Jun 25 06:28:03 <jony>	srag: sure .. 
Jun 25 06:28:24 <srag>	jony, right. Another thing, if Camel/DB isn't migrated well, jony is to be blamed ;-)
Jun 25 06:28:38 <srag>	dont throw them on me/psankar
Jun 25 06:28:44 <srag>	kandepu, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:28:47 <jony>	hehe .. :) 
Jun 25 06:28:51 <psankar>	srag, even if it isn;t migrated, people will not complain. bcos it will be auto-created ;-)
Jun 25 06:29:04 <srag>	psankar, thatz gonna be slow for the first time :)
Jun 25 06:29:06 <psankar>	but performance yes... jony will take of it
Jun 25 06:29:07 <kandepu>	srag: nothing from my side
Jun 25 06:29:08 <srag>	anyways..
Jun 25 06:29:14 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:29:15 <jony>	psankar: true .. just to speed up things a bit :() 
Jun 25 06:29:20 *	chen is now known as chen_brb
Jun 25 06:29:22 <jony>	oops that was a " :) "
Jun 25 06:29:25 <psankar>	jony, a lot :-)
Jun 25 06:29:35 <lakhil>	srag, finished 2.22.2 performance testing on address book , lots of bug triaging to get list of good bugs ( started with bugs which where filed during yr 2007) 
Jun 25 06:29:45 <srag>	good lakhil 
Jun 25 06:29:46 <psankar>	jony, and save some green on earth as well ;-)
Jun 25 06:29:57 <jony>	hehe 
Jun 25 06:30:24 <srag>	lakhil, 2.26 may not feature anything apart from Mail to EDS and a HUGE load of bugs..er fixes
Jun 25 06:30:38 <srag>	lakhil, so have a good list from BGO
Jun 25 06:30:39 <jony>	srag:  + mapi provider 
Jun 25 06:30:45 <srag>	mbarnes_, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:30:55 <lakhil>	yup...we need good bug fixing time :)
Jun 25 06:30:59 <srag>	jony, really? not till we get the licensing cleared
Jun 25 06:31:10 <srag>	which is dragging on a 1/0 road
Jun 25 06:31:21 <srag>	:)
Jun 25 06:31:24 <psankar>	lol
Jun 25 06:31:26 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:31:29 <mcrha>	hi, nothing interesting, I just noticed that my work more consists of "fix what I did" than "fix other bugs" last time. I really do not have much positive feelings about that.
Jun 25 06:31:35 <jony>	:)
Jun 25 06:32:07 <srag>	mcrha, dont feel bad, it happens...
Jun 25 06:32:19 <psankar>	for everyone ;-)
Jun 25 06:32:22 <srag>	mcrha, you are doing great.. hmmm really great
Jun 25 06:32:45 <mcrha>	will see. I'll try to get better last time ;)
Jun 25 06:32:57 <mcrha>	s/last/next
Jun 25 06:33:10 <srag>	mcrha, keep it up
Jun 25 06:33:17 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:33:33 <psankar>	srag, nothing much. some sexp to sql work etc.
Jun 25 06:33:40 <psankar>	srag, just disk-summary
Jun 25 06:33:50 <srag>	psankar, we need to close the mbox corruption
Jun 25 06:33:55 <psankar>	busy roaming in madagascar ;-)
Jun 25 06:33:55 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us ?
Jun 25 06:33:59 <psankar>	srag, yeah we will
Jun 25 06:34:07 <srag>	for monday's release
Jun 25 06:34:08 <schooms>	nope srag
Jun 25 06:34:32 <srag>	schooms, bad.. what were doing last week? ;-)
Jun 25 06:34:42 *	srag shoots a mail to schooms's manager
Jun 25 06:34:50 <schooms>	reverse-engineering :'(
Jun 25 06:34:59 <srag>	:)
Jun 25 06:35:03 <schooms>	and hopelessly stuck!
Jun 25 06:35:03 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us?
Jun 25 06:35:15 <srag>	schooms, come out of it soon
Jun 25 06:35:25 <abharath>	schooms: reverse ur engineering ;)
Jun 25 06:35:33 <schooms>	yeah.. maybe the gods will smile on me ;)
Jun 25 06:35:49 <srag>	seb128, do you have any list for me?
Jun 25 06:35:51 <seb128>	srag: nothing special no, things to be in shape ;-)
Jun 25 06:36:02 <srag>	ok :)
Jun 25 06:36:08 <psankar>	There are no gods, we just believe in Evolution ;-)
Jun 25 06:36:13 <seb128>	srag: the list is basically the gnome-panel hang and the mbox corruption but you listed those already
Jun 25 06:36:35 <srag>	seb128, sure, 2.22.3 should get over that, IMO
Jun 25 06:36:41 <seb128>	cool
Jun 25 06:36:41 <srag>	lets see
Jun 25 06:36:50 <srag>	anything else to discuss guys?
Jun 25 06:37:00 <lakhil>	i guess this bug cam become critical http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=538074
Jun 25 06:37:06 <lakhil>	s/cam/can
Jun 25 06:37:07 <seb128>	does the gnome-panel changes will make the calendar work correctly? or just not hang because it's using the async api?
Jun 25 06:37:31 <srag>	chen_brb, ?
Jun 25 06:37:33 <chen_brb>	seb128, it will fix up the hang alone in panel
Jun 25 06:37:33 <seb128>	srag: oh, yes, one issue still on my list
Jun 25 06:37:38 <srag>	seb128, sure
Jun 25 06:37:39 *	chen_brb is now known as chen
Jun 25 06:37:52 <seb128>	srag: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=537415
Jun 25 06:38:20 <jony>	srag: in bugzilla , target milestone doesnt have latest versions .
Jun 25 06:38:59 <srag>	jony, oh.. I need to see, if I have do anything to get that in sync.. but will do the needful
Jun 25 06:39:07 <jony>	srag: cool.
Jun 25 06:39:26 <srag>	seb128, sure, I think mbarnes_ is already nailing it
Jun 25 06:39:37 <srag>	lakhil, sure.
Jun 25 06:39:50 <seb128>	srag: alright, as I said you guys are rocking and have things under control ;-)
Jun 25 06:40:01 <srag>	sure
Jun 25 06:40:27 <srag>	Ok guys, see you all next week. bye.

