Jul 16 05:57:28 <jony>	hello all .. 
Jul 16 05:58:25 <chen>	I think we can get started
Jul 16 05:58:39 *	lakhil (~lakhil@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 16 05:58:49 <chen>	We have a lot of updates this week!!!
Jul 16 05:58:59 <chen>	Myself, srag and jony were in GUADEC last week and it was just great!!
Jul 16 05:59:15 <jony>	hey hey mbarnes , mcrha .. miseed u guyz @ GUADEC :)
Jul 16 05:59:18 <chen>	We meet a lot of people there. andre, guenther, miguel, jpr, meeks, jrb and many others and it was a great experience for me and jony who were the frist timers.
Jul 16 05:59:21 *	seb128 (~seb128@yttrium.canonical.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 16 05:59:34 <chen>	yeah we really missed matt and milan during GUADEC :(
Jul 16 05:59:58 <chen>	Disk summary talk from srini and exchange 2007 from jony went great!! Srini quoted milan as a "patch bot" for evolution :-) The only project hosting a patch bot!!
Jul 16 06:00:17 *	psankar agrees
Jul 16 06:00:32 *	abharath claps
Jul 16 06:00:43 *	lakhil joins :)
Jul 16 06:00:56 *	mcrha gets kinda broken last days+
Jul 16 06:00:58 <chen>	We also got some inputs from a community guy (forgot) his name about optimized storage of tables in sqlite
Jul 16 06:01:26 <chen>	mcrha, we were planning to smuggle you for the next GUADEC atleast ;)
Jul 16 06:01:42 <chen>	It was surprising to hear that even jrb has not met you yet ;)
Jul 16 06:01:53 <jony>	yeah .. we got a nod from jrb .. ;-)
Jul 16 06:02:06 <chen>	Another great update which happened in GUADEC was about the licencing change
Jul 16 06:02:10 <mcrha>	psssst, that's my policy, do not say it anywhere :)
Jul 16 06:02:10 <psankar>	chen, awesome. It will be nice to have some expert opinion on our db things
Jul 16 06:02:14 <chen>	We also announced the licensing change for evolution during jony talk and also in the mailings lists.
Jul 16 06:03:03 <chen>	Quoting the announcement here,
Jul 16 06:03:05 <chen>	* Drop Evolution copyright assignments and make it really easy to contribute to Evolution
Jul 16 06:03:06 <chen>	â€¢ Move Evolution licensing to  "LGPL v2 and LGPL v3" to let us re-use the code more easily around the platform.  This also moves us closer to Thunderbird's MPL/LGPL model. 
Jul 16 06:03:34 <psankar>	The license change is a welcome one. And this should help us get more plugins. Many of hte authors whom I contributed were reluctant earlier because of the copyright restricitons.
Jul 16 06:03:36 <chen>	This is just great for us. This should help us in getting many plugins for evolution, 
Jul 16 06:03:43 <psankar>	yup. exactly :-)
Jul 16 06:03:52 <chen>	and also would help us in evolution-mapi release
Jul 16 06:04:05 <chen>	Thanks a lot for meeks who was guiding all the while regarding the same.
Jul 16 06:04:18 <chen>	psankar, would be a very happy person now :)
Jul 16 06:04:23 <psankar>	:-)
Jul 16 06:04:35 <chen>	We also met Jorgan (author for google contacts patch) from nokia. We discussed about his patch and srag has already approved patch. Jorgan will be fixing bugs in that in his spare time
Jul 16 06:04:35 <chen>	if anything comes up...
Jul 16 06:04:37 *	pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@d54C0C06D.access.telenet.be) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 16 06:04:53 <chen>	Another update :)
Jul 16 06:04:57 <chen>	Sankar and srini have merged  (or in progress now)  the disk summary branch to trunk now. So be ready to have a go at it :-)
Jul 16 06:05:10 <psankar>	Yes. in progress. 
Jul 16 06:05:20 <chen>	Thjis is all the interesting updates we have 
Jul 16 06:05:24 <psankar>	Getting bitten by some branch merge issues
Jul 16 06:05:30 <chen>	psankar, ok
Jul 16 06:05:46 <chen>	Just an update on the freezes coming up,
Jul 16 06:05:59 <chen>	Please commit  the patches with UI changes and string changes as the string/UI change announce period is commencing on Jul 22nd. Else you would have to send a email to doc and translation team when you commit any patch with the changes in string/UI.
Jul 16 06:06:29 <chen>	am sure mcrha would not like sending mails to the w.r.t string/.UI changes to the mailing list ;-)
Jul 16 06:06:38 <mcrha>	yup
Jul 16 06:06:39 <chen>	We have freezes for API/ABI coming up on Jul 29th. So commit the relevant patches before the date.
Jul 16 06:06:40 <chen>	Feature freeze is on August 5th. UI freeze on Aug 19th. We have sometime for string freeze september 2nd.
Jul 16 06:07:21 <chen>	From my side, am writing c# bindings for the calendar backends first and hoping to get it in fast enough.
Jul 16 06:07:21 <chen>	Will be getting all the pending patches.
Jul 16 06:07:38 <chen>	thats all from my side
Jul 16 06:08:02 <chen>	GUADEC was just great and it was special for me and jony this time :)
Jul 16 06:08:08 <jony>	:)
Jul 16 06:08:19 <chen>	lets go around the room now,
Jul 16 06:08:29 <chen>	abharath, any updates ?
Jul 16 06:08:42 <abharath>	chen: Been working with some scripts for Evo on windows. Works great.
Jul 16 06:08:52 <chen>	abharath, thats awesome!!
Jul 16 06:08:59 <abharath>	chen: finished a nice darling feature (Templates plugin). Would get it reviewed by psankar and mbarnes and get it in for this release. Things going good.
Jul 16 06:09:18 <chen>	abharath, wow!! great work!!
Jul 16 06:09:25 <psankar>	abharath, that is an awesome feature and highly useful while sending release mails etc.
Jul 16 06:09:26 <lakhil>	abharath, great ...will be really useful for release team :)
Jul 16 06:09:38 <psankar>	and not to mention : in corporate environment as well ;-)
Jul 16 06:09:46 <chen>	abharath, prolly if your adding new strings, get it reviewed from andre too
Jul 16 06:09:58 <abharath>	I personally like it a lot. lets hope everyone enjoys the work equally
Jul 16 06:10:01 <chen>	ashish, any updates ?
Jul 16 06:10:14 <abharath>	chen: Not many strings in there. But ya would get a nod from him as well
Jul 16 06:10:21 <ashish>	chen, ya....i'm working on Non-intrusive error dialog thing for addressbook and calendar, it is in progress...
Jul 16 06:10:41 <chen>	abharath, since lakhil mentioned about release team, you can have other reasons too :)
Jul 16 06:10:49 <chen>	ashish, cool
Jul 16 06:10:52 <abharath>	:D
Jul 16 06:10:53 <chen>	jony, ?
Jul 16 06:10:58 <jony>	ashish: when are we gonna see that in trunk ? 
Jul 16 06:11:12 <jony>	chen: just back from GUADEC. getting back into MAPI .. nothing much .. :) 
Jul 16 06:11:33 <chen>	yeah i know that :)
Jul 16 06:11:38 <chen>	lakhil, ?
Jul 16 06:11:46 <ashish>	jony, soon......i've plan to complete in this week.....
Jul 16 06:11:48 <lakhil>	chen, bug triaging and some patch testing ..that's all 
Jul 16 06:12:03 <jony>	ashish: cool. so monday release .. nice .. 
Jul 16 06:12:12 <chen>	lakhil, cool
Jul 16 06:12:42 <ashish>	jony, sure.....i'll try...lets see...:)
Jul 16 06:12:46 <chen>	mbarnes, we really missed in GUADEC and we requested that to jrb too ;)
Jul 16 06:12:58 <chen>	*missed you
Jul 16 06:13:07 <chen>	mbarnes, any updates?
Jul 16 06:13:14 <mbarnes>	chen: thanks
Jul 16 06:13:22 <mbarnes>	So, while you kids were in Turkey, I started a new branch: kill-bonobo
Jul 16 06:13:35 <mbarnes>	I have officially begun removing Bonobo from Evolution.
Jul 16 06:13:35 <mbarnes>	There's already a patch to migrate CompEditor to GtkUIManager (bug #542125).
Jul 16 06:13:35 <mbarnes>	And right now I'm rewriting the shell to use GTypeModule and GtkUIManager.
Jul 16 06:13:35 <mbarnes>	With any luck, I think I might actually have this done by 2.25.1 or .2.
Jul 16 06:13:37 <chen>	mcrha, it was the same with you too. But we are having some interesting plans for you
Jul 16 06:13:50 <jony>	mbarnes: awesome ! 
Jul 16 06:13:53 <abharath>	awesome :) /me and mcrha love it :)
Jul 16 06:13:56 <chen>	mbarnes, thats great!!
Jul 16 06:14:14 <chen>	we are all expecting to get the bonobo things aways asap
Jul 16 06:14:27 *	mmeeks (~michael@mmeeks.gotadsl.co.uk) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 16 06:14:36 <chen>	mcrha, so we were speaking a lot about you to jrb 
Jul 16 06:14:50 <mbarnes>	Apologies in advance if I'm a little less responsive on bugs  :)
Jul 16 06:15:00 <psankar>	hey mmeeks 
Jul 16 06:15:09 <chen>	and we really wanted to see you. the only person who has met you is andre :)
Jul 16 06:15:13 <chen>	mcrha, any updates?
Jul 16 06:15:20 <chen>	hi mmeeks  :)
Jul 16 06:15:23 <mcrha>	chen, should I be scared? :)
Jul 16 06:15:28 <mcrha>	updates: a few patch producing for some little things. looking here and there, you know. Waiting for reviews, though, because I'm not sure with some of them
Jul 16 06:16:00 <chen>	mcrha, you have a new name now, patch bot. So you now know about what we have discussed about you with jrb :)
Jul 16 06:16:10 <chen>	mcrha, cool
Jul 16 06:16:45 <mcrha>	is the place for next GUADEC known?
Jul 16 06:16:48 <jony>	mbarnes: is it bonobo -> dbus or just no bonobo . 
Jul 16 06:16:55 <schooms>	gran canaria
Jul 16 06:16:57 <chen>	thanks a lot to mmeeks who guided us in the licensing changes in evolution, without him it would not have been possible :)
Jul 16 06:17:14 *	mmeeks spanks chen for his blatant sycophancy 
Jul 16 06:17:29 *	mmeeks would love to see some support on the list for it though,
Jul 16 06:17:40 *	mcrha should open a map...
Jul 16 06:17:55 *	chen does not understand some english words, so have to see the dict for it ;)
Jul 16 06:18:03 <mbarnes>	jony: for the components, bonobo -> GTypeModule.  ross has the e-d-s/d-bus stuff covered
Jul 16 06:18:08 <chen>	i will do that later :)
Jul 16 06:18:19 <jony>	mbarnes: ah k. 
Jul 16 06:18:24 <psankar>	chen, flattery :-)
Jul 16 06:18:37 <psankar>	mmeeks, but it was really heart-felt :-)
Jul 16 06:18:44 <chen>	hehe, no that was true and not flattery :)
Jul 16 06:18:48 <mmeeks>	;-)
Jul 16 06:19:05 *	mmeeks is pleased to see bonobo get removed; wow this is an interesting meeting
Jul 16 06:19:09 *	mmeeks sorry to gate-crash etc.
Jul 16 06:19:15 <chen>	psankar, updates other than the awesome disk summary update ? :)
Jul 16 06:19:30 <jony>	mbarnes: interesting .. lemme know if i can help you out there .. 
Jul 16 06:19:46 <psankar>	chen, nothing much other than disk summary. thanks to jony and git-svn we succesfully brought up the madagascar branch up to date with trunk
Jul 16 06:19:51 <psankar>	and in few hours form now,
Jul 16 06:19:59 <chen>	jony, the calendar part needs some work and once its done we would be away from bonobo for EDS and mbances would remove it in evolution :) 
Jul 16 06:20:07 <psankar>	I will be committing the camel-db-summary branch to evolution-data0-server trunk
Jul 16 06:20:12 <psankar>	so everyone can try it
Jul 16 06:20:19 <jony>	psankar: i'm concerned on the initial overload because of db-summary. hope that is fixed now . 
Jul 16 06:20:20 <mbarnes>	jony: lots of mundane converting of menus and such to be done once I get the shell rewritten, so I may take you up on that  ;)
Jul 16 06:20:27 <jony>	chen: ah .. cool . 
Jul 16 06:20:33 <chen>	everyone is interested in using it :)
Jul 16 06:20:46 <psankar>	jony, initial overload ?
Jul 16 06:20:46 *	chen would update his code once its merged today :)
Jul 16 06:20:47 <jony>	mbarnes: ah cool . np .. just poke me .. 
Jul 16 06:20:54 <chen>	pvanhoof, any update for us?
Jul 16 06:21:16 <chen>	schooms, ?
Jul 16 06:21:24 <schooms>	ï»¿ï»¿ï»¿ï»¿chen: on MAPI - working on accept/decline meeting requests in inbox.. patched the libical movement bug today morning - it'd be great if srag/you can have at it look before monday's release
Jul 16 06:21:49 <chen>	schooms, am going to blog about merging libical with upstream today
Jul 16 06:21:50 <jony>	psankar: yeah .. last time i used ... it had trouble in the initial db creation ... took too much cpu. something related to the way we release resources .. 
Jul 16 06:22:03 <chen>	schooms, will look at the patch today
Jul 16 06:22:06 <chen>	schooms, thanks!!
Jul 16 06:22:09 <jony>	psankar: i think it is based on some timeout .. iirc .. 
Jul 16 06:22:15 <schooms>	chen: oh.. so we are removing our fork.. great!
Jul 16 06:22:18 <chen>	seb128, any update for us?
Jul 16 06:22:23 <schooms>	sure..
Jul 16 06:22:36 <psankar>	jony, your migration code should come in handy there ;-) but yes, most of it is already removed, except for few warnings in the console
Jul 16 06:22:48 <seb128>	chen: no, nothing special
Jul 16 06:22:59 <chen>	schooms, yeah, need to discuss with the upstream maintainer about it. He has commented in my blog that he is very interested but i dont know his mail id or
Jul 16 06:23:12 <jony>	psankar: ah k ... i guess itz not related to that .. anyhoo .. i'll try it out with my day accounts .. 
Jul 16 06:23:23 <seb128>	lot of things changing in evolution apparently, good, let's see how stable the next tarballs are ;-)
Jul 16 06:23:26 <schooms>	chen: okay... i think i can get you his id
Jul 16 06:23:38 <lakhil>	 
Jul 16 06:23:38 <chen>	schooms, ah great!!
Jul 16 06:23:44 <chen>	seb128, fine
Jul 16 06:23:50 <psankar>	jony, :)
Jul 16 06:24:20 <chen>	seb128, the next release is going to rock!! 
Jul 16 06:24:38 <seb128>	let's see ;-)
Jul 16 06:24:46 <chen>	:)
Jul 16 06:25:26 <chen>	so thats it for today, Lets meet next week with our new db summary in trunk :)
Jul 16 06:25:30 *	schooms thinks this was one of the most-topics meetings ever :)
Jul 16 06:25:39 <psankar>	chen, Yes :-)
Jul 16 06:25:40 <abharath>	schooms: :)
Jul 16 06:25:51 <chen>	yeah!!
Jul 16 06:25:52 <jony>	chen: when are the freezes starting ? 
Jul 16 06:26:09 *	psankar gets back to breaking his head with [git]svn merge
Jul 16 06:26:18 <chen>	the announce period is starting on jul 22nd for string/UI
Jul 16 06:26:32 <jony>	api / abi freeze too .. right ? 
Jul 16 06:26:33 <chen>	and API/ABI freezes are on Jul 29th
Jul 16 06:26:38 <jony>	ah cool . 
Jul 16 06:26:55 <chen>	those are the ones very nearby 
Jul 16 06:27:32 <chen>	See you all next week!!

