Nov 05 04:54:30 *	srag_ hopes this to be a short meeting
Nov 05 04:54:37 *	abharath (~abharath@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Nov 05 04:54:51 *	lakhil hopes - shortest
Nov 05 04:54:53 *	mcrha has nothing to share
Nov 05 04:55:05 *	kandepu (~kandepu@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Nov 05 04:55:10 <lakhil>	mcrha, i liked your alarm patch :-)
Nov 05 04:55:11 *	srag_ also doesn't have
Nov 05 04:55:14 <srag_>	psankar, has something to share...
Nov 05 04:55:20 <psankar>	The big news is that : evolution source relicense is complete. Please see the COPYING file for full details 
Nov 05 04:55:21 <srag_>	mcrha, lakhil where is it?
Nov 05 04:55:22 *	schooms (~msuman@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Nov 05 04:55:31 <mcrha>	srag_, in sources, already
Nov 05 04:55:39 <srag_>	oh
Nov 05 04:55:40 <lakhil>	srag_, http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=558354
Nov 05 04:55:41 <psankar>	And, I have started re-licensing bits of evolution-data-server 
Nov 05 04:55:54 <psankar>	Tehre should be only one more file in eds which is GPL v2
Nov 05 04:56:00 <mcrha>	hi lakhil, the other one will be much harder, it seems like the window would need a save/load features, and I'm lazy to do that
Nov 05 04:56:04 <psankar>	webdav .h file
Nov 05 04:56:22 <psankar>	So, evolution sohuld be GPL v3 compliant now. 
Nov 05 04:56:31 <psankar>	I will finish the eds work and will be updating all
Nov 05 04:56:35 <psankar>	That's all :-)
Nov 05 04:56:39 <psankar>	srag_, I am done
Nov 05 04:56:45 <srag_>	nice
Nov 05 04:57:27 <srag_>	psankar, we can officially say that Evolutoin is LGPLv2/V3 ?
Nov 05 04:57:41 <psankar>	srag_, Yes :-)
Nov 05 04:57:41 <srag_>	psankar, awesome and great applauds to you and Michael 
Nov 05 04:57:52 <psankar>	Thank you :-) 
Nov 05 04:58:02 <psankar>	but only evolution atm
Nov 05 04:58:06 <psankar>	eds is not done yet
Nov 05 04:58:09 *	andre (~andre@f053154109.adsl.alicedsl.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Nov 05 04:58:10 <psankar>	just be noted of that
Nov 05 04:58:11 *	monkey|bot gives channel operator status to andre
Nov 05 04:58:17 <srag_>	whatz to be done with eds ?
Nov 05 04:58:30 <psankar>	I am in the process of doing it
Nov 05 04:58:34 <psankar>	I will notify once it is done
Nov 05 04:58:44 <srag_>	psankar, whatz the volume of changes?
Nov 05 04:58:50 <mcrha>	psankar, how did you solve the e-spinner?
Nov 05 04:58:51 <srag_>	how many files, to what license?
Nov 05 04:59:01 <psankar>	We will not be migrating everything in eds . We are just making it GPL v3 compatible
Nov 05 04:59:05 <srag_>	mcrha, iirc Michael wrote a new one...
Nov 05 04:59:08 <psankar>	some files in eds are GPL v2
Nov 05 04:59:16 <srag_>	ah! ok.
Nov 05 04:59:24 <mcrha>	srag_, Meeks?
Nov 05 04:59:25 <psankar>	I am relicensing them , after getting the approval etc.
Nov 05 04:59:26 <srag_>	psankar, am I right?
Nov 05 04:59:44 <srag_>	mcrha, yep, psankar right ?
Nov 05 04:59:57 <psankar>	srag_, yes. Teh e-spinner usage is re-written. And , although I would like you all to refer to COPYING file
Nov 05 05:00:08 *	mcrha thought mm is a wise manager :)
Nov 05 05:00:16 <srag_>	mm ?
Nov 05 05:00:18 <psankar>	any more queries, on this, send me and mmeeks a mail.
Nov 05 05:00:19 <srag_>	Michael Meeks ?
Nov 05 05:00:21 <mcrha>	mmeeks
Nov 05 05:00:27 <psankar>	mcrha, he is a Distinguished Engineer
Nov 05 05:00:33 <psankar>	not a manager 
Nov 05 05:00:45 <psankar>	and the architect for our SLED (Enterprise Desktop)
Nov 05 05:00:45 <mcrha>	hmm, something new to me
Nov 05 05:00:45 <srag_>	mcrha, he isn't a Manager, a core techie :-)
Nov 05 05:01:24 <psankar>	srag_, So, that's it for this week ?
Nov 05 05:01:40 <srag_>	Nice.. I don't have any great updates.. just catching up from my vacation.. yet to get my pace on fixing/reviewing
Nov 05 05:01:51 <srag_>	Anyone else has anything to say?
Nov 05 05:02:19 <srag_>	in general, most of us in Novell as busy with SLE stuff, and would be just on bug fixing and reviews for some time...
Nov 05 05:02:39 <srag_>	so just ping me, if therez something else to be done  
Nov 05 05:02:43 *	mcrha was surprised you didn't do any meeting during last 3 weeks
Nov 05 05:02:44 <srag_>	I could work out..
Nov 05 05:02:56 <srag_>	mcrha, last two weeks I wasn't there
Nov 05 05:03:07 <srag_>	and before that I don't remember :)
Nov 05 05:03:11 <abharath>	haha
Nov 05 05:03:13 <srag_>	stack overflow
Nov 05 05:03:18 <mcrha>	I see, boss not there, noone works
Nov 05 05:03:30 <srag_>	mcrha, Im not the boss ;-)
Nov 05 05:03:43 <mcrha>	ok, "boss", then :)
Nov 05 05:03:51 <srag_>	:)
Nov 05 05:03:52 <psankar>	mcrha, nope .everyone works and dont waste time in meetings ;-)
Nov 05 05:03:59 <abharath>	srag_: not officially right ;)
Nov 05 05:04:05 <mcrha>	psankar, even better :)
Nov 05 05:04:08 <psankar>	:-)
Nov 05 05:04:10 <abharath>	:D
Nov 05 05:04:29 <srag_>	Ok, guys.. then lets all get over from the shortest ever meeting and get back to work
Nov 05 05:04:41 <psankar>	:-)
Nov 05 05:04:43 <srag_>	See you all next week. bye

