Sep 24 06:04:26 <srag>	Hello again to every one
Sep 24 06:04:36 <{srinidhi}>	hey srag
Sep 24 06:04:42 <srag>	we had release Evolution 2.24.0 to every one and thanks a lot for all your support
Sep 24 06:04:52 *	schooms reminds srag about party :P
Sep 24 06:05:02 <mcrha>	lan party? ;)
Sep 24 06:05:11 <jony>	mcrha: GNOME 2.24 release party . 
Sep 24 06:05:13 <srag>	infact we are just growing, we had 410 bug fixes in 2.22.0 and now we are just 530 bug fixes in 2.24.0
Sep 24 06:05:21 <srag>	schooms, sure :-)
Sep 24 06:05:28 <schooms>	:)
Sep 24 06:05:36 *	mcrha can attend only lan party
Sep 24 06:05:43 <srag>	and quite a few new patch contributors to 2.24 and we had a huge credits patch commited :-)
Sep 24 06:05:48 <srag>	mcrha, :-)
Sep 24 06:06:24 <srag>	I'm yet to send the release mail, thought I will send out with evolution-2.24.exe link
Sep 24 06:06:29 <srag>	looks like it might take more time
Sep 24 06:06:43 <srag>	and I would so send the mail with out it
Sep 24 06:07:05 <srag>	and we have already branched and ready to for 2.26
Sep 24 06:07:26 <srag>	so go ahead and start working :-)
Sep 24 06:07:29 *	mcrha committed there yesterday
Sep 24 06:07:37 *	psankar too 
Sep 24 06:07:42 <srag>	I have made a preliminary planning at go-evolution.org/Evo2.26
Sep 24 06:08:01 <srag>	I expect it to me more of a maintainenance release for things broken in 2.24 wrt disk-summary
Sep 24 06:08:13 *	tml (~tml@cs181089201.pp.htv.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 24 06:08:20 <srag>	but we would have new backends like MAPI provider and probably an experimental IMAP client, which I'm planning on my free time tihs realease
Sep 24 06:08:27 <srag>	base on notzed's IMAPX code base
Sep 24 06:09:01 <srag>	these are some thoughts for 2.26, and ofcourse the biggie - EDS on DBUS :-)
Sep 24 06:09:13 <srag>	I saw that rob already branched e-d-s for it
Sep 24 06:09:21 <ross>	yeah
Sep 24 06:09:31 <ross>	the addressbook code is ported and mostly works
Sep 24 06:09:38 <srag>	awesome :-)
Sep 24 06:09:41 <ross>	we need to fix up the calendar code next
Sep 24 06:09:43 <psankar>	Nice 
Sep 24 06:09:52 <srag>	so, looks like we are much on track for 226
Sep 24 06:09:55 <srag>	s/226/2.26
Sep 24 06:10:39 <srag>	with that we can go around the room, 
Sep 24 06:10:53 <srag>	ah ! wait, mcrha has something to discuss before that, and after that we can get around hte channel for updates :-)
Sep 24 06:11:07 <mcrha>	hehe, just a little thing about bugs...
Sep 24 06:11:14 <mcrha>	I had a chat with two reporters when looking around stacktrace bugs, and they both are quite disappointed of the way it works, and I agree with them.
Sep 24 06:11:17 <mcrha>	As they said, when you ask for any data input half a year after they report it, then there are usually none,
Sep 24 06:11:19 <mcrha>	because of the time range. One of them suggested to close every crasher older than half a year and start from scratch, which should
Sep 24 06:11:22 <mcrha>	work, sure, but not for all of them, because some crashers, with some good description is still reproducible on actual trunk.
Sep 24 06:11:24 <mcrha>	And now, what can we do with this? You know, to have satisfied users, happy with us, happy community?
Sep 24 06:12:09 <schooms>	reproducible in trunk ==> remains open in bgo for me
Sep 24 06:12:12 *	srag can confirm that mcrha is a bot, 6 sentences in 3 seconds or so :-)
Sep 24 06:12:22 <schooms>	hehe
Sep 24 06:12:29 <mcrha>	it was prewritten ;)
Sep 24 06:12:35 <srag>	mcrha, I know :-)
Sep 24 06:13:03 <mcrha>	but anyway, are we able to improve the crasher response on our side?
Sep 24 06:13:15 <seb128>	mcrha: writte a stock reply explaining that the crash is old, that the evolution team has limited sources and didn't manage to look at it before and would like to know if that's still an issue and use that on those bugs?
Sep 24 06:13:46 <tml>	mcrha: only if vendors hire more real people to do such work?
Sep 24 06:13:48 <mcrha>	seb128, they do not like that
Sep 24 06:14:11 <seb128>	mcrha: well, they don't like if because you don't ask for anything and then add "is that still an issue" comment
Sep 24 06:14:24 <srag>	mcrha, but you know, with 300 - 500 bugs reporting every week, things are difficult with a team of ~15 people
Sep 24 06:14:38 <seb128>	mcrha: if you explain that the team is small and there is too much to do and that you didn't manage to look at it before that should be alright
Sep 24 06:14:47 <mcrha>	tml, I do not know, maybe, maybe not. Maybe a real maintenance release would help here, to get rid of many of them
Sep 24 06:15:05 <srag>	mcrha, what is your proposal, do you have any thoughts on this?
Sep 24 06:15:18 <mcrha>	yeah, that's quite hard to explain to them, even when they are eager to help
Sep 24 06:15:48 <srag>	mcrha, I would say that we are much better than how we were last year or so back. on triaging bugs and fixing bugs etc
Sep 24 06:16:07 <srag>	but not as good as how we should be ideally, which would have direct constraints on the resources too
Sep 24 06:16:23 <mcrha>	so, 50 bugs per a man a week to look on is quite big number, no doubt. But we can try?
Sep 24 06:16:25 <psankar>	srag, may be we should have a bug day once a month
Sep 24 06:16:35 <psankar>	at least
Sep 24 06:17:05 <mcrha>	looking on new crasher bugs one a week or two would help, I believe
Sep 24 06:17:34 <srag>	mcrha, triaging 50 bugs seems fine. but you don't mean fixing right ? ;-)
Sep 24 06:17:45 <mcrha>	depends on the bug ;)
Sep 24 06:18:08 <mcrha>	some crashers are easy to fix, some are hard
Sep 24 06:19:08 <srag>	I would say, if all of us can fix 2-3 crashers a week, that would bring 50 per week for the team
Sep 24 06:19:19 <srag>	which is a more achieving target I would say
Sep 24 06:19:43 <srag>	but traiging is one weak are of ours
Sep 24 06:20:05 <mcrha>	say at least "take care of" than necessary fix that. You know the difference :)
Sep 24 06:20:18 <srag>	I think andre, lakhil are helping us fill the gaps, still we aren't as good to look at all bugs  we get in a way to fix it
Sep 24 06:20:26 <seb128>	imho you should not spent too much time on incomplete bugs but rather try to figure how to spot good ones and list those so you have a decent todolist
Sep 24 06:20:43 *	jony agrees with seb128
Sep 24 06:20:52 <lakhil>	welcome :)
Sep 24 06:20:54 <jony>	lakhil used to have some list .. 
Sep 24 06:20:56 <srag>	seb128, that makes sense
Sep 24 06:20:57 <abharath>	a hitlist would be great
Sep 24 06:21:11 <mcrha>	seb128, only one thing, who will decide?
Sep 24 06:21:12 <srag>	seb128, stacktrace is one such list I would say
Sep 24 06:21:14 <mcrha>	and how :)
Sep 24 06:21:21 *	You are now known as mbarnes
Sep 24 06:21:24 <seb128>	mcrha: bug triagers
Sep 24 06:21:31 <jony>	GM  mbarnes .
Sep 24 06:21:48 <srag>	if a crasher, look at stacktrace bugs and fix. that should shoot most of the imp crashers
Sep 24 06:21:50 <mcrha>	seb128, good trace is always not the best thing, I'm afraid
Sep 24 06:22:05 <seb128>	but the bug-buddy component makes that easier already, you can ignore the bug-buddy flood and look at bugs which have been confirmed and assigned to a component for example
Sep 24 06:22:09 <mcrha>	but the first, no doubt :)
Sep 24 06:22:54 <seb128>	mcrha: well, I didn't say it would be perfect, but having people confirming bugs which seems to have enough details would be a good thing already, you would have a small list hackers can review then
Sep 24 06:23:26 <mcrha>	yeah, I know what you mean
Sep 24 06:23:42 <srag>	yep.
Sep 24 06:23:50 <mcrha>	OK, that's all from me, just think about that and let's see. :)
Sep 24 06:24:19 <mcrha>	I believe we can gain on that for sure :)
Sep 24 06:24:25 <srag>	mcrha, sure, its a good initiative, 
Sep 24 06:24:32 <jony>	so a special keyword in bugzilla "needs-attention' ? 
Sep 24 06:24:40 <srag>	mcrha, lets discuss off-the meeting tomo or so and see how we can improve the sitn
Sep 24 06:24:53 <srag>	even a small difference can make a good value
Sep 24 06:25:00 <srag>	Ok. now around the channel
Sep 24 06:25:06 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:25:08 <mcrha>	jony, maybe the opposite ;)
Sep 24 06:25:18 <jony>	mcrha: :)
Sep 24 06:25:25 <abharath>	srag, was working on pst-import plugin. will commit it to trunk very soon.
Sep 24 06:25:44 <abharath>	then working for an installer for 2.24 was using 2.22 depencies for building Evo till the 2.23.91 installer
Sep 24 06:25:52 <srag>	abharath, sure. make sure what are the modules we want declared external dependency (I think we may have more than 1 this time)
Sep 24 06:26:04 <srag>	ocool
Sep 24 06:26:11 <abharath>	planning to update all the dependencies to 2.24. working with tml for the same
Sep 24 06:26:15 <srag>	jony, anything to share wth us ?
Sep 24 06:26:17 <jony>	srag: had problems with my laptop last week .. so nothing much .. 
Sep 24 06:26:19 <srag>	abharath, ok.
Sep 24 06:26:43 <srag>	jony, when are we getting mapi on trunk ?
Sep 24 06:26:48 <srag>	are you deriving a date ?
Sep 24 06:26:49 <abharath>	srag: I think libpst-devel would be one. packaged for opensuse, fedora. would do for ubuntu sometime soon
Sep 24 06:26:58 <srag>	abharath, ok
Sep 24 06:27:01 <jony>	srag: once we clear off the licensing part . .we should be in .. 
Sep 24 06:27:04 <srag>	kandepu, anything to share wijt us ?
Sep 24 06:27:08 <srag>	jony, ok.
Sep 24 06:27:23 <kandepu>	srag, nothing much
Sep 24 06:27:35 <psankar>	srag, jony : Nearly 90% of licensing is done. I will try to get the remaining done asap
Sep 24 06:27:54 <srag>	psankar, great
Sep 24 06:28:00 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:28:05 <jony>	psankar: cool .. nice effort btw .. 
Sep 24 06:28:08 <lakhil>	srag, nothing much ...just trying to upgrade my trunk build and some discussion about set ups  
Sep 24 06:28:14 <srag>	ok
Sep 24 06:28:15 <psankar>	:)
Sep 24 06:28:20 <srag>	mbarnes, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:28:26 <mbarnes>	working like mad on the kill-bonobo branch, trying to have it ready by 2.25.1
Sep 24 06:28:26 <mbarnes>	still not sure if I'm going to make it in time, but progress is steady
Sep 24 06:28:29 <psankar>	Breakfast ;) ?
Sep 24 06:28:45 <srag>	mbarnes, awesome.. I'm watching your commits :-)
Sep 24 06:28:53 <srag>	mbarnes, looks like you are going great
Sep 24 06:29:00 *	psankar is amused by some of hte commit messages of mbarnes 
Sep 24 06:29:05 <srag>	mbarnes, lets try it for 2.25.1 :-)
Sep 24 06:29:17 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:29:22 <mcrha>	going through stacktrace bugs, maybe you realized from the above :) also sent some other patches, and commits after unfreeze as I mentioned above already
Sep 24 06:29:30 <srag>	ok.
Sep 24 06:30:03 <srag>	psankar, anything toshare with us ?
Sep 24 06:30:17 <psankar>	srag, nothing much. Just license changes. stay tuned for more commits :-)
Sep 24 06:30:23 <srag>	psankar, ok.
Sep 24 06:30:37 <srag>	ross, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:30:52 <ross>	nothing really
Sep 24 06:30:58 <srag>	ok :-)
Sep 24 06:31:04 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:31:04 <ross>	just that we're really going to try and land the dbus port this cycle
Sep 24 06:31:13 <schooms>	worked on daily builds for suse - its complete.. some more packaging work.. will be getting back to hacking this week.. as for MAPI (calendar et al) - i am waiting on APIs - nothing I could do there :(
Sep 24 06:31:22 <srag>	ross, that is awesome really. :-)
Sep 24 06:31:38 <srag>	schooms, ok.
Sep 24 06:31:44 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:32:09 <seb128>	srag: not a lot, the feedback on 2.24 seems good ;-)
Sep 24 06:32:20 <seb128>	I've been busy packaging GNOME 2.24 for ubuntu otherwise
Sep 24 06:32:21 <srag>	seb128, that is nice to hear!!!
Sep 24 06:32:34 <abharath>	seb128: nice :)
Sep 24 06:32:44 <seb128>	the only annoying issue I've noticed in the inbox not refresh bug
Sep 24 06:32:58 <mcrha>	"seems good"? we should target for "was great" next release ;)
Sep 24 06:33:17 <srag>	mcrha, 'is great'
Sep 24 06:33:27 <mcrha>	maybe
Sep 24 06:33:28 <srag>	'was great' would mean something else :P
Sep 24 06:33:45 <mcrha>	yeah, a little bit :)
Sep 24 06:34:01 <srag>	seb128, I'm working on some more modification to the db formats, and seemless migration, but they should be even better for folder loading and vfolders.
Sep 24 06:34:04 <seb128>	there is still some counts and refresh issues
Sep 24 06:34:17 <srag>	seb128, I will be looking at it.
Sep 24 06:34:28 <srag>	seb128, yep. I saw one bug on that
Sep 24 06:34:31 <seb128>	ok good, I'll ping you on #evolution about those ;-)
Sep 24 06:34:36 <srag>	seb128, sure :-)
Sep 24 06:34:42 <srag>	tml, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:35:33 <srag>	{srinidhi}, anything to share with us ?
Sep 24 06:36:20 <tml>	not anything evolution-specific, I'm afraid
Sep 24 06:36:27 <srag>	tml, ok :-)
Sep 24 06:36:30 <srag>	Ok guys, I'm done, anything else to discuss ?
Sep 24 06:36:43 <jony>	srag: lakhil's wedding .
Sep 24 06:36:49 <srag>	ah! nice point.
Sep 24 06:36:52 <abharath>	oh yes yes
Sep 24 06:36:56 <lakhil>	jony, not a right place 
Sep 24 06:37:09 <srag>	our awesome QA lakhil is getting married in Dec 7th
Sep 24 06:37:10 <tml>	the gtk+ stack as such works on 64-bit windows now, did I already mention that earlier? but it prolly doesn't make sense to build evo as 64-bit for people with 64-bit windowses
Sep 24 06:37:27 <srag>	tml, oh really? Nice
Sep 24 06:38:12 <srag>	Ok guys, see you all next week.

