Jul 23 12:01:50 <srag>  Hello Everyone
Jul 23 12:01:51 *       kandepu (~kandepu@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 23 12:01:51 *       lakhil (~lakhil@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 23 12:02:17 <srag>  This is my first meeting after GUADEC, so I have a few things to share from GUADEC
Jul 23 12:03:12 <srag>  me, jony chen had a nice time at GUADEC and from Evolution we had three talks in total
Jul 23 12:03:33 <srag>  and we announced the licensing change during GUADEC
Jul 23 12:03:52 <srag>  abharath, and psankar are working hard for the license audits and taking forward
Jul 23 12:04:48 <srag>  I think chen told it already ' I had a slide with a word, prove me mcrha is human and not a bot' err 'Only project to host a patch bot: mcrha '
Jul 23 12:04:59 <srag>  :)
Jul 23 12:05:04 <abharath>      :)
Jul 23 12:05:06 <mcrha> :)
Jul 23 12:05:31 <srag>  and apart from that, I announced mail to eds work and showcased disk summary in one of my talks
Jul 23 12:05:43 <abharath>      mcrha: You aren't a bot right? never seen you :)
Jul 23 12:05:53 <srag>  GOOD:  wall of Shame  didnt feature Evolution
Jul 23 12:06:04 <srag>  BAD:  wall of FAME didnt feature Evolution
Jul 23 12:06:04 <mcrha> just a small one bot :)
Jul 23 12:06:32 *       varadhan (~bhargavi@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 23 12:06:42 <srag>  we must get hit multiple times at wall of fame next time.. target :)
Jul 23 12:06:58 <srag>  That is the generic update from GUADEC
Jul 23 12:07:14 <srag>  next biggie, we merged disk summary to trunk and started breaking everything :)
Jul 23 12:07:22 <mcrha> srag, do you have some info page for mail-to-eds thing?
Jul 23 12:07:31 <psankar>       mcrha, nope afaik
Jul 23 12:07:34 <srag>  I hope in another 2 weeks (2.23.6) things should be back to normal
Jul 23 12:07:51 <srag>  mcrha, not yet.. we must start doing it once disk summary gets into a shape
Jul 23 12:07:59 *       mcrha just curious what's going on there
Jul 23 12:08:06 <srag>  Im pushing most of the resources on to disk summary atm
Jul 23 12:08:24 <mcrha> sure, that should be fixed soon :)
Jul 23 12:08:30 <srag>  yep
Jul 23 12:08:55 <srag>  we released with a caution note, and asked to report all bugs to be added to the tracker
Jul 23 12:09:49 <srag>  tml's fix just helped us get going.. (we were wondering why sqlite is in a tight mem loop)
Jul 23 12:09:56 <srag>  timely one.. 
Jul 23 12:10:31 <srag>  I know there are lots of known issues like total/unread count, search-breakage, vfolder failures, leaks etc
Jul 23 12:10:44 <srag>  all just a few days away from getting perfect :)
Jul 23 12:10:52 <srag>  thatz it from my side
Jul 23 12:10:58 <srag>  abharath, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:11:17 <abharath>      srag: nothing much. Been working on Templates last week.
Jul 23 12:11:28 <srag>  abharath, good work. Just complete rest of templates also.
Jul 23 12:11:34 <abharath>      srag: and also with the Exchange crasher
Jul 23 12:11:38 <srag>  abharath, are you releasing a windows build for 2.23.5 ?
Jul 23 12:11:53 <srag>  tml, would appreciate it :)
Jul 23 12:12:06 <tml>   srag: I could, yes
Jul 23 12:12:06 <abharath>      srag: not yet. will play around a little more with tml's scripts and start a lil later
Jul 23 12:12:20 <tml>   ar, you asked abharath, not me;)
Jul 23 12:12:20 <abharath>      tml: :) sure a pleasure
Jul 23 12:12:40 <srag>  we must here after release a win build for every dot release we do...  abharath you need to make sure..
Jul 23 12:12:44 *       tml hasn't tested trunk much. it did build some day ago, though
Jul 23 12:12:58 <abharath>      srag: sure would do that
Jul 23 12:13:10 <srag>  tml, if you can still good, you are the master there :)
Jul 23 12:13:40 <srag>  abharath, help a lot in fixing win bugs and keeping things in tact (windows/linux)
Jul 23 12:13:52 <srag>  ashish_, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:14:09 <ashish_>       srag, Working on Non-intrusive-error dialog. It is almost done for calendar and address book. Working on to identify and get it all such errors.
Jul 23 12:14:18 <abharath>      srag: cool. would do that. But need to check on that Exchange DB Bug :)
Jul 23 12:14:21 <srag>  ashish_, cool.
Jul 23 12:14:24 <srag>  abharath, sure.
Jul 23 12:14:33 <srag>  chen, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:14:51 <chen>  srag, some patch reviews, completed the bits left out in disco migration patch, still exceptions in imap-store needs to be added, profiling evolution calendar now. Will be cleaning up some ECalModel/View code... 
Jul 23 12:15:11 <srag>  chen, awesome. commit disco migration asap
Jul 23 12:15:28 <srag>  jony, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:15:35 <chen>  srag, with the GSoc work getting along in EDS, evolution code can be cleanedup to save a lot of memory...
Jul 23 12:15:45 <srag>  chen, cool.
Jul 23 12:15:46 <jony>  srag: 2.23.5 release / moved to a new place / little bit of mapi and looking at the camel-object bug 
Jul 23 12:15:56 <chen>  discussing with federico on some of these...
Jul 23 12:16:10 <srag>  jony, thx a lot for 2.23.5, your help in released enabled me to lots of bug fixing there
Jul 23 12:16:21 <srag>  chen, nice... keep us on stats if you get any
Jul 23 12:16:22 <jony>  np anytime :) 
Jul 23 12:16:31 <srag>  jony, kill that camel_*_init
Jul 23 12:16:38 <jony>  srag: yep .. on it ..  
Jul 23 12:16:41 <srag>  cool
Jul 23 12:16:45 <chen>  srag, sure
Jul 23 12:16:46 <srag>  kandepu, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:16:58 *       mcrha can test for jony
Jul 23 12:17:04 <kandepu>       srag, some testing ondisk summary
Jul 23 12:17:13 <jony>  mcrha: cool . :) 
Jul 23 12:17:16 <kandepu>       and on MAPI
Jul 23 12:17:24 <srag>  ok.
Jul 23 12:17:31 <srag>  lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:17:55 <lakhil>        srag, tested camel disk summary changes before and after merge, sanity of 2.23.5, bug triaging and a few patch testing 
Jul 23 12:18:30 <srag>  ok
Jul 23 12:18:36 <srag>  mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:18:48 <mcrha> playing a bit with google server and meanwhile trying to fix some bugs where I had been CC'ed recently. 
Jul 23 12:18:58 <mcrha> nothing special, you know :)
Jul 23 12:19:35 <srag>  mcrha, ok. it would be great if you get into bugfixing with disk summary for next few weeks
Jul 23 12:19:40 <srag>  it would be great
Jul 23 12:19:50 <srag>  psankar, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:20:02 <psankar>       srag, ported madagascar branch to trunk.  poking random bits this week.
Jul 23 12:20:16 <srag>  psankar, next you gonna jump into bug fixing
Jul 23 12:20:20 <psankar>       srag, yes
Jul 23 12:20:22 <mcrha> srag, it's quite new and you and psankar are masters there, so what one bot can do... :)
Jul 23 12:20:25 <srag>  cool.
Jul 23 12:20:31 <psankar>       srag, on it... will be starting with unread count issue
Jul 23 12:20:50 <srag>  mcrha, you are underestimating my bot there.. he (it) already posted a bunch of patches there
Jul 23 12:21:00 <psankar>       srag, ;-0
Jul 23 12:21:03 <psankar>       srag, :-)
Jul 23 12:21:10 <srag>  schooms, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:21:15 <schooms>       srag: nothing much.. finished rendering meeting req's.. two more steps to be done with meetings
Jul 23 12:21:23 <srag>  ok.
Jul 23 12:21:29 <srag>  tml, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:21:46 <abharath>      mcrha: Don't forget its a samurai bot ;) killing bugs is in his blood :D
Jul 23 12:22:10 <srag>  varadhan, anything to share with us ?
Jul 23 12:22:29 <mcrha> abharath, yeah, spread all around :)
Jul 23 12:22:41 <varadhan>      srag, just poked around that missing mails issue along with abharath and given him some pointers that would lead us towards a fix
Jul 23 12:22:47 <srag>  ok.
Jul 23 12:23:03 <varadhan>      other than that.. just hanging around
Jul 23 12:23:16 <srag>  Im done guys, anything else to discuss before we go off ?
Jul 23 12:23:49 <srag>  Bye guys
Jul 23 12:23:51 <schooms>       licensing?
Jul 23 12:24:08 <tml>   srag: nothing much new from me
Jul 23 12:24:17 <srag>  tml, ok :)
Jul 23 12:24:25 <psankar>       schooms, What about licnesing ?
Jul 23 12:24:29 <srag>  schooms, what?
Jul 23 12:24:32 <psankar>       schooms, any updates ?
Jul 23 12:24:33 <schooms>       are we done with the licensing issues?
Jul 23 12:24:42 <abharath>      schooms: stay alive in the whole meeting :P It was mentioned at the start wasn't it
Jul 23 12:24:44 <psankar>       schooms, nope. abharath and I are on the process of code auditing
Jul 23 12:24:46 <schooms>       are we LGPL2 or LGPL3 now?
Jul 23 12:24:51 <tml>   a question: it's not that uncommon for camel_store_get_folder() to occasionally return NULL if the folder structure has been slightly screwed up or something, is it?
Jul 23 12:25:00 *       schooms looks
Jul 23 12:25:11 <abharath>      schooms: nope not yet
Jul 23 12:25:20 <schooms>       okay!
Jul 23 12:25:24 <psankar>       tml, I would say so
Jul 23 12:26:23 <srag>  schooms, we are moving to it, we would commit in steps
Jul 23 12:26:28 <tml>   psankar: so adding a check if (folder != NULL) after a camel_store_get_folder() call isn't wrong? (I needed to add one such to migrate_folders())
Jul 23 12:26:45 <srag>  tml, oh
Jul 23 12:26:50 <srag>  might make sense
Jul 23 12:26:52 <tml>   psankar: but then probably my groupwise on-disk folder structure was probably a bit broken
Jul 23 12:27:06 <srag>  tml, right, 
Jul 23 12:27:23 <srag>  tml, we sort of read the disk summary path for reading old summary
Jul 23 12:27:31 <srag>  if the path isn't right or so it can...
Jul 23 12:28:42 <psankar>       tml, i think it makes sense to add a if (folder) check
Jul 23 12:28:58 *       tml will commit it then
Jul 23 12:29:15 <psankar>       tml, sure. And thanks for the patch :-)
Jul 23 12:29:40 <tml>   uh, I apparently already had committed; sorry for the noise
