Feb 27 05:20:18 <srag>	Hello every one
Feb 27 05:20:27 <srag>	we can have a quick meeting this time...
Feb 27 05:20:38 *	schooms_afk is now known as schooms
Feb 27 05:20:44 <srag>	We release our RC1 2.21.92 and a 2 days away from Hard code freeze
Feb 27 05:21:12 *	jony (~jjohnny@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 27 05:21:23 <srag>	we must make sure that all the patches are in bugzilla from here on with approvals from one of the maintainers
Feb 27 05:21:40 <srag>	this applies to all the module maintainers including me :)
Feb 27 05:22:11 <srag>	We have just one blocker http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=518744 which mcrha and chen are discussing now
Feb 27 05:22:26 <srag>	otherwise a pretty good release this time with lots of top bugs
Feb 27 05:22:51 <srag>	I need a volunteer to create a list of contributors patch 
Feb 27 05:23:07 <srag>	Evasdk has a script and chen too have one iirc
Feb 27 05:23:20 <srag>	you could use any and get me a patch of list of new contributors
Feb 27 05:23:28 <srag>	any one willing to help me out here?
Feb 27 05:23:40 <jony>	wherez the script ? 
Feb 27 05:23:48 *	gicmo (~gicmo@91-65-151-236-dynip.superkabel.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 27 05:23:50 <srag>	jony, you can ask EvaSDK or chen has it
Feb 27 05:23:53 <srag>	hey gicmo 
Feb 27 05:23:56 <gicmo>	hey hey
Feb 27 05:23:57 <jony>	srag, okies then . 
Feb 27 05:23:58 <chen>	srag: i have it at home, can get it tonight
Feb 27 05:24:04 <chen>	hi gicmo :)
Feb 27 05:24:23 <srag>	so AI: Jony to give the patch for list of contributors
Feb 27 05:24:39 *	jony adds that to TODO
Feb 27 05:24:42 <srag>	jony, it should be committed before HC freeze
Feb 27 05:24:49 <jony>	srag, okie.
Feb 27 05:24:52 *	psankar (~evo@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 27 05:24:52 <srag>	and I will probably branch just after the HC freeze
Feb 27 05:25:08 <gicmo>	hey chen
Feb 27 05:25:09 <srag>	hey psankar 
Feb 27 05:25:16 <psankar>	hey srag 
Feb 27 05:25:40 <srag>	I will be moving the external-editor as a experimental plugin
Feb 27 05:26:18 <srag>	since psankar couldn't get it in at the right time
Feb 27 05:26:27 <srag>	apart from that everything else stands same
Feb 27 05:26:30 <psankar>	yeah... :(
Feb 27 05:26:44 <srag>	psankar, np. Lets do better next time :)
Feb 27 05:26:51 <psankar>	right.
Feb 27 05:26:58 <srag>	Any body voted for the code name?
Feb 27 05:27:07 *	jony|mtg has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Feb 27 05:27:25 <jony>	srag, yep. i have my votes there .. 
Feb 27 05:27:27 <srag>	Ok.
Feb 27 05:27:49 <srag>	Just vote before I announce branch and so that I can include it
Feb 27 05:27:56 <srag>	We can go around the channel
Feb 27 05:28:02 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us?
Feb 27 05:28:37 <abharath>	srag: Just busy with some backporting Exchange patches. will start off with completing PST import soon :)
Feb 27 05:28:58 <srag>	abharath, cool. it will be nice to have pst buildservice packages once you have them
Feb 27 05:29:03 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us?
Feb 27 05:29:09 <abharath>	srag: sure will do
Feb 27 05:29:30 *	psankar is now known as psankar_bbl
Feb 27 05:29:39 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Feb 27 05:29:53 <srag>	chen,  seems like we have a blocker in meeting view
Feb 27 05:30:02 <chen>	srag: nothing much, just bacporting patches and committed the libical changes
Feb 27 05:30:11 <chen>	srag: yup looking at it atm
Feb 27 05:30:16 <srag>	chen, three cheers to your awesome work at libical
Feb 27 05:30:27 <chen>	thanks :)
Feb 27 05:30:34 <ashish>	srag, working on server side rule(out-of-office for GW).....Its going to complete....but facing some issue to get right parameter for different scenario...so, work around to get proper parameter for diffrent conditions..
Feb 27 05:30:34 <srag>	chen, it will help us fix lots of unknown crashers and reduce our memory foot print
Feb 27 05:30:47 <srag>	ashish, ok
Feb 27 05:30:48 <chen>	srag: yeah
Feb 27 05:31:10 <srag>	chen, keep it up and go with the same speed onto threadpools for calendar and cache optimization
Feb 27 05:31:17 <srag>	for 2.23.x
Feb 27 05:31:25 <srag>	gicmo, anything to share with us ?
Feb 27 05:31:54 <gicmo>	ugh, not really, I am 100% busy with gvfs/gio these days
Feb 27 05:32:11 <srag>	gicmo, cool. All the best for that :)
Feb 27 05:32:21 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us?
Feb 27 05:32:24 <jony>	srag, Have been fixing evolution-sharp. gotta get back to mapi.
Feb 27 05:32:46 <srag>	jony, nice. lets plan for a milestone release on mapi branch with libmapi0.7
Feb 27 05:32:54 <chen>	srag: sure!
Feb 27 05:32:54 <srag>	it should be pretty stable imo
Feb 27 05:33:04 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us?
Feb 27 05:33:07 <jony>	srag, yep .. working with julien in getting 0.7 .. it should be soon .. 
Feb 27 05:33:30 <lakhil>	srag, 
Feb 27 05:33:30 <lakhil>	did sanity of Evolution 2.21.92, tested milan's patch, bug triaging , testing for sled release ..that's all 
Feb 27 05:33:30 <srag>	jony, cool. and mail us on the list about the new updates and things on the update
Feb 27 05:33:38 <srag>	lakhil, do you see any blocker or bugs that needs attention?
Feb 27 05:33:51 <jony>	srag, sure .. will do .. 
Feb 27 05:33:52 <lakhil>	srag, nope :-)
Feb 27 05:33:53 <srag>	or like can-become-blocker?
Feb 27 05:33:58 <srag>	lakhil, that is nice
Feb 27 05:34:14 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us?
Feb 27 05:34:23 <mcrha>	somehow nothing interesting, just a blocker you already mentioned above
Feb 27 05:34:28 <srag>	mcrha, :)
Feb 27 05:34:51 <srag>	mcrha, any plans for 2.23.x ?
Feb 27 05:34:56 <srag>	psankar_bbl, anything to share with us?
Feb 27 05:34:58 <mcrha>	maybe a PTO ;)
Feb 27 05:35:09 <srag>	PTO ?
Feb 27 05:35:15 <mcrha>	pay-time-off, holidays ;)
Feb 27 05:35:24 <srag>	hehe
Feb 27 05:35:24 <abharath>	mcrha: :)
Feb 27 05:35:36 <srag>	mcrha, you deserver it :)
Feb 27 05:35:44 <srag>	s/deserver/deserve
Feb 27 05:35:48 <mcrha>	thanks
Feb 27 05:35:53 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Feb 27 05:36:00 <schooms>	hmm... nothing.. meetings all week..:(
Feb 27 05:36:06 <srag>	schooms, :)
Feb 27 05:36:17 <srag>	I'm done.. anything more to discuss before we meet next week ?
Feb 27 05:36:40 <mcrha>	there will be a dot release, right?
Feb 27 05:36:48 <srag>	Guys feel free to add your thoughts to http://www.go-evolution.org/Evo2.24
Feb 27 05:37:05 <srag>	mcrha, hmm I wouldn't push to hard for this.
Feb 27 05:37:27 <srag>	it might be a regression.. but not a one that requires an urgent release
Feb 27 05:37:50 <mcrha>	do you mean "no"? the meetings and events probably too are useless now
Feb 27 05:38:09 <srag>	mcrha, I meant that lets not have a release for this
Feb 27 05:38:21 <srag>	mcrha, it is not a blocker as such in operations
Feb 27 05:38:38 <mcrha>	the next one release will be next week/monday?
Feb 27 05:38:47 <srag>	the final release
Feb 27 05:39:02 <srag>	March 13?
Feb 27 05:39:35 <srag>	mcrha, I htink it deserves the blocker state and needs patch immediately given the situation 
Feb 27 05:39:40 <srag>	but not a rebuild for it :)
Feb 27 05:39:48 <mcrha>	March 13th? it's March 3rd next monday
Feb 27 05:39:59 <mcrha>	ok, it ~can~ probably wait
Feb 27 05:40:13 <srag>	March 10 
Feb 27 05:40:20 <srag>	next monday is HC freeze but no release
Feb 27 05:40:26 <srag>	:)
Feb 27 05:40:41 <mcrha>	ok, we will see how many people uses 2.21.92 ;)
Feb 27 05:40:48 <srag>	mcrha, hehe :)
Feb 27 05:41:07 <srag>	Anything more to discuss?
Feb 27 05:41:33 <srag>	Bye guys.. see you all next week

