**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jun 11 11:02:40 2008

Jun 11 12:05:55 <srag>	hello guys
Jun 11 12:06:45 <srag>	We have 2.23.4 on monday and I want all of you to have a glance at the patches for it
Jun 11 12:06:54 <jony>	mcrha: http://cr.yp.to/smtp/ehlo.html
Jun 11 12:06:55 <srag>	feel free to cross boundaries if you are confident :)
Jun 11 12:07:12 <mcrha>	srag, what kind of glance?
Jun 11 12:07:13 <srag>	jony, :)
Jun 11 12:07:26 <mcrha>	jony, * BYE [ALERT] ehlo not supported
Jun 11 12:07:28 <srag>	mcrha, look at the unreviewed and see if you can review and help the module
Jun 11 12:07:34 <jony>	hehe 
Jun 11 12:07:50 <mcrha>	srag, hmm
Jun 11 12:07:52 <srag>	mcrha, feel free to review the pending list, if its not by you :)
Jun 11 12:08:02 *	mcrha hides
Jun 11 12:08:08 <srag>	:)
Jun 11 12:08:29 <mcrha>	I will look, I promise
Jun 11 12:08:42 <srag>	Me and sankar are tied up with disk summary and looks like it is going smooth
Jun 11 12:08:55 <srag>	we have local/imap up and running under disk summary 
Jun 11 12:09:09 <srag>	feel free to move yourself to that branch, and help us fix issues :)
Jun 11 12:09:09 <psankar>	imap is not fully done yet though
Jun 11 12:09:20 <psankar>	but we welcome poeple to use that branch :-)
Jun 11 12:09:22 <srag>	thx to jony for volunteering to write the migration
Jun 11 12:09:30 <jony>	srag: yep ! 
Jun 11 12:09:33 <psankar>	hey.... All hail jony 
Jun 11 12:09:37 <srag>	psankar, I assume that you will commit it by EOD :)
Jun 11 12:09:48 <psankar>	srag, yeah. Let me see. 
Jun 11 12:09:53 <psankar>	hopefully should be done
Jun 11 12:10:26 <srag>	Im trying various things with vfolders, to see, if I can make it super fast.
Jun 11 12:10:45 <srag>	Can anyone take up the job to see if "Unmatched" vfolder is that useful ?
Jun 11 12:11:02 <srag>	by killing that I can cut ~50% memory requirements
Jun 11 12:11:22 <jony>	( power users may complain . )
Jun 11 12:11:34 <psankar>	*will complain* ;-)
Jun 11 12:11:37 <srag>	apart from that, abharath is going good with Evo on Windows
Jun 11 12:11:40 <mcrha>	I think I saw someone using it. rather ask on mailing list I think
Jun 11 12:12:19 <srag>	mcrha, right. I want to delegate it as, I tend to forget all the 9/10 things I have by doing just 1/10 (disk summary core thing)
Jun 11 12:12:54 *	schooms sees the effects of manager-training ;)
Jun 11 12:12:56 *	shashish (~shashish@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 11 12:13:13 <srag>	I assume that we soon would have a well supported windows port of Evolution
Jun 11 12:13:30 <srag>	Thatz it from my side, we can go around the channel
Jun 11 12:13:37 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Jun 11 12:13:53 <chen>	srag, hooked in to the opensuse 11.0 shipstopper. Reviewed the patch for timezone conflicts by patrick. It seems ok accept for licensing. 
Jun 11 12:14:08 <srag>	accept ?
Jun 11 12:14:17 <chen>	*except
Jun 11 12:14:20 <srag>	:)
Jun 11 12:14:30 <srag>	jony, anything to share with uis ?
Jun 11 12:14:40 <chen>	he has licensed it in GPL and copy rights was in his name 
Jun 11 12:14:47 <jony>	usual mapi stuff ... otherwise .. i'll be commiting the python *loader* in few mins .. for .4 
Jun 11 12:14:49 <chen>	will discuss this offline with you
Jun 11 12:14:57 <srag>	jony, you rock!
Jun 11 12:15:00 <srag>	chen, ok
Jun 11 12:15:13 <srag>	All Hail Jony (One more time)
Jun 11 12:15:26 *	jony is suspicious .. :D 
Jun 11 12:15:28 *	lakhil claps for jony :)
Jun 11 12:15:37 *	psankar joins
Jun 11 12:15:48 <lakhil>	be ready for more deligate stuffs ;)
Jun 11 12:15:52 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Jun 11 12:15:57 *	mcrha does hip hip hurray for jony too
Jun 11 12:16:06 <lakhil>	srag, performance testing on address book (evolution 2.22.2) and bug triaging 
Jun 11 12:16:14 <jony>	woa! guyz .. bindings will follow .. beofre weekends .. 
Jun 11 12:16:14 <srag>	lakhil, pl
Jun 11 12:16:41 <srag>	lakhil, ok
Jun 11 12:16:47 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Jun 11 12:16:58 <mcrha>	nothing much, I was and will be more tight with local (company) stuff, so less time for you.
Jun 11 12:17:06 <srag>	:)
Jun 11 12:17:07 <mcrha>	but now, I will look to libgweather finally
Jun 11 12:17:21 <mcrha>	it doesn't seem to be much complicated
Jun 11 12:17:27 <srag>	mcrha, porting weather cal to that ?
Jun 11 12:17:37 <mcrha>	somehow, I will need help with tweaking with autoconf
Jun 11 12:17:39 <mcrha>	yup
Jun 11 12:17:43 <srag>	ok
Jun 11 12:17:55 <srag>	mcrha, we will take local provider with jeff offline
Jun 11 12:18:04 <mcrha>	ok
Jun 11 12:18:16 <srag>	another thing is that I'm planning to write a repair-folder plugin that helps you generate summaries on the fly
Jun 11 12:18:18 *	andre (~andre@f053152159.adsl.alicedsl.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 11 12:18:20 *	monkey|bot gives channel operator status to andre
Jun 11 12:18:27 <srag>	to overcome the corrupted mboxes
Jun 11 12:18:46 <mcrha>	will it try to save as much as possible?
Jun 11 12:18:54 <mcrha>	you know, custom flags/tags
Jun 11 12:18:54 *	srag wonders if andre just joined or was hidden and showed up while discussing one of his issues ;-)
Jun 11 12:19:10 <mcrha>	yeah, what a coincidence
Jun 11 12:19:13 <andre>	harrrr, broken mboxes, harrrrr (with a pirate grin)
Jun 11 12:19:42 <srag>	mcrha, I would for now, concentrate on fixing the brokeness
Jun 11 12:19:48 <srag>	mcrha, rest we can look at later
Jun 11 12:19:56 <srag>	psankar, anything for us ?
Jun 11 12:20:04 <mcrha>	srag, brokeness in general or?
Jun 11 12:20:06 <psankar>	srag, Updates: disappointed at being not able to construct a nest for myself ;) - Workwise - Going good on disk-summary :-)
Jun 11 12:20:33 <jony>	psankar: is getting ready : looking for a bride ? ;-) 
Jun 11 12:20:35 <srag>	mcrha, the corruption of mboxes and fixing the summary right
Jun 11 12:20:51 <psankar>	jony, nope. in a way.. trying to delay it ;-)
Jun 11 12:20:51 <srag>	jony, hehe
Jun 11 12:21:01 <jony>	:)
Jun 11 12:21:10 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us ?
Jun 11 12:21:12 <mcrha>	srag, ahh, ok
Jun 11 12:21:16 <schooms>	srag: progress has been tough and slow on MAPI - i'm working on meetings (its still far far away)
Jun 11 12:21:29 <srag>	schooms, take a train ;-)
Jun 11 12:21:37 <schooms>	:)
Jun 11 12:21:42 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Jun 11 12:22:08 <seb128>	srag: not really, you guys are doing a great job ;-)
Jun 11 12:22:22 <mcrha>	seb128, lakhil, no hot bugs?
Jun 11 12:22:23 <srag>	apart from the Google Calendar bugs? chen and schooms will look into the top google cal bugs, till ebby get alive
Jun 11 12:22:37 <seb128>	the google calendar is an annoying one indeed
Jun 11 12:22:42 <lakhil>	mcrha, i have :)
Jun 11 12:22:51 <andre>	there's lots of users in #evo complaining about google cal, indeed
Jun 11 12:22:52 <seb128>	it breaks gnome-panel for many users and doesn't work correctly in evolution
Jun 11 12:22:59 <chen>	srag, yeah, am just getting the list of blocking issues
Jun 11 12:23:09 <seb128>	there is the evolution-exchange busy loop issue too
Jun 11 12:23:14 <chen>	to get it resolved during this week and next
Jun 11 12:23:19 <srag>	yep, seb128. so which is why, Im pulling chen/  schooms for the moment to get it going smoothly
Jun 11 12:23:40 <chen>	spoke with ebby on it and it seems he will not be able to work atleast for a month
Jun 11 12:23:47 <srag>	seb128, feel free to get the bug via email or CC in bugzilla
Jun 11 12:23:54 <seb128>	and the gnome-keyring code which doesn't handle storing password when no username is provided (which is the case for some calendars apparently) which is a regression for ubuntu since we switched to use gnome-keyring for password storage
Jun 11 12:24:14 *	schooms wanted to ask that
Jun 11 12:24:24 <schooms>	so that's fixed?
Jun 11 12:24:29 <seb128>	srag: thanks, I'll Cc in bugzilla on the bugs where I didn't do that already
Jun 11 12:24:39 <srag>	seb128, sure.
Jun 11 12:24:42 <srag>	schooms, fixed what ?
Jun 11 12:25:01 <schooms>	the keyring issue on ubuntu
Jun 11 12:25:22 <seb128>	schooms: which ones?
Jun 11 12:25:37 <chen>	seb128, I mailed you a patch for  timezone issue, a user from ubuntu reported the issue on evolution-list
Jun 11 12:26:09 <seb128>	chen: right, I've uploaded it as an hardy update candidate some days ago and verified it fixes the weird timezones, thanks!
Jun 11 12:26:22 <seb128>	chen: looks like I forgot to reply to the mail though ;-)
Jun 11 12:26:23 <chen>	nice!!
Jun 11 12:26:25 <schooms>	seb128: the keyring prompt appearing endlessly.. (i don't have a bug ID handy)
Jun 11 12:26:28 <chen>	np :)
Jun 11 12:26:43 <seb128>	schooms: ah, that might be http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=534946
Jun 11 12:26:50 <srag>	Ok guys, anything else to discuss ?
Jun 11 12:26:53 <jony>	seb128: you'll be in GUADEC ? 
Jun 11 12:26:55 <schooms>	yep..
Jun 11 12:27:00 <seb128>	jony: yes
Jun 11 12:27:05 <srag>	Oops I missed shashish 
Jun 11 12:27:06 <lakhil>	srag, have 3-4 issues for monday's release if we can get in them, it will great 
Jun 11 12:27:07 <jony>	nice .
Jun 11 12:27:13 <srag>	shashish, any updates ?
Jun 11 12:27:20 <srag>	lakhil, sure. Mail me ?
Jun 11 12:27:29 <lakhil>	srag, fine 
Jun 11 12:27:30 <shashish>	srag, nothing much...worked on bug fixes and some backporting..and looking forward to start non-intrusive error dialog
Jun 11 12:27:34 <srag>	seb128, thatz fixed
Jun 11 12:27:40 <srag>	shashish, ok
Jun 11 12:28:03 <seb128>	srag: ah right, I just noticed ;-)
Jun 11 12:28:09 <srag>	:)
Jun 11 12:28:14 <srag>	Ok guys, see you all next week.
Jun 11 12:28:15 <srag>	bye every one
Jun 11 12:28:23 *	psankar has quit (psankar)
Jun 11 12:28:29 <andre>	btw, will mbox corruption be fixed for 2.22.x (or only 2.23.x)?
Jun 11 12:28:30 <chen>	bye
Jun 11 12:28:53 *	shashish (~shashish@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet
Jun 11 12:29:13 <srag>	andre, I need to see how the plugin comes up
Jun 11 12:29:20 <andre>	ok
Jun 11 12:29:49 <srag>	if I can put up a patch which distros can pickup, it will be great. as a new plugin mean UI/String break
Jun 11 12:30:55 <andre>	well - didn't we have a bool to hide "system" plugins that shouldn't be shown/deactivated?
Jun 11 12:31:09 <andre>	imo we don't need to ask the user if he wants evo in a usable state ;-)
Jun 11 12:31:39 <srag>	andre, but, the corruption can be found only by the user and need to invoke repair folder
Jun 11 12:32:09 <andre>	the corruption is found by evo, otherwise i wouldn't get the error message that there's a FROM header missing (or whatever that error string is)
Jun 11 12:32:18 <seb128>	what effect does the corruption has?
Jun 11 12:32:19 <andre>	i've run into this 3 times now
Jun 11 12:32:31 <andre>	seb128, message list pane and message preview don't match
Jun 11 12:32:36 <seb128>	can that lead to "display a preview which doesn't correspond to the selected message"?
Jun 11 12:32:42 <andre>	yupp
Jun 11 12:32:44 <seb128>	ah ok, we got some bugs about that
Jun 11 12:32:59 <andre>	and everytime switching to another folder evo tried to restore the folder. that takes a minute for my inbox
Jun 11 12:33:09 <andre>	seb128, URLs?
Jun 11 12:33:42 <srag>	andre, that repair would happen automatically, but things like mismatch of list vs preview need to be invoked by the  user
Jun 11 12:34:04 <andre>	hmm. okay, you know the code :)
Jun 11 12:34:05 <seb128>	andre: those are ubuntu bugs, I didn't send that upstream because there was no real useful informations there and I was not sure what to ask to the submitters
Jun 11 12:34:31 <andre>	srag: anyway, please fix for 2.22 if possible and ask for string break. that's really a big issue that makes me think of switching to TB
Jun 11 12:34:43 <srag>	andre, sure
Jun 11 12:34:58 <andre>	seb128, i'm also interested in ubuntu bugs :)
Jun 11 12:35:06 <andre>	got to run to get to university, see you later
Jun 11 12:35:10 *	andre is now known as andre|afk
Jun 11 12:35:19 *	srag (~sragavan@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet
Jun 11 12:35:33 <seb128>	andre|afk: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/evolution/+bug/220014
Jun 11 12:36:00 <seb128>	andre|afk: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=536311
Jun 11 12:36:04 <seb128>	andre|afk: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=442926
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Jun 11 12:49:53 2008
