Apr 16 06:16:26 <srag>	Hello everyone (again ;-)
Apr 16 06:16:42 <varadhan>	Hi all!
Apr 16 06:16:43 <srag>	We have our first dot release on 2.23 series starting monday...
Apr 16 06:17:21 <srag>	and I assume that we have a load of things to showcase there :)
Apr 16 06:17:37 <srag>	from Matt's new composer to some plugins...
Apr 16 06:17:58 <srag>	Also
Apr 16 06:18:24 <srag>	Im working with Ebby to get the libgdata apis for contacts and then ross to review the google contacts backend code
Apr 16 06:18:31 <srag>	if so then 2.23.1 will be great
Apr 16 06:19:00 <srag>	also I will bump gtkhtml from 3.18 to 3.24... (sync minor versions.. which I missed last time)
Apr 16 06:19:19 <srag>	Another thing is that....
Apr 16 06:19:22 <srag>	I
Apr 16 06:19:50 <srag>	we have some patches to be reviewed and lets make sure that we review them in time for 2.23.1
Apr 16 06:20:02 <srag>	Lets go around the channel...
Apr 16 06:20:07 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Apr 16 06:20:12 <mcrha>	hmmm, "some patches"
Apr 16 06:20:30 <abharath>	srag: nothing much. Just working on some bugs
Apr 16 06:20:36 <srag>	mcrha, yeah.. new ones which are like < 30-40 days old
Apr 16 06:20:37 <schooms>	srag: are you referring to the patch at 523632 ?
Apr 16 06:20:52 <srag>	Im pinging right guys on the bug
Apr 16 06:21:06 <srag>	schooms, that ross would look at.. 
Apr 16 06:21:11 <schooms>	ok :)
Apr 16 06:21:25 <srag>	abharath, cool. any news on libpst ?
Apr 16 06:21:38 <abharath>	srag: nope starting with it asap
Apr 16 06:21:42 <srag>	cool
Apr 16 06:21:47 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us... ?
Apr 16 06:21:50 *	mcrha wonders whether srag counts with gvfs to 2.23.1
Apr 16 06:22:01 <ashish>	srag, nothing much.....working on GUI for rule.....
Apr 16 06:22:09 <srag>	mcrha, definitely that is :)
Apr 16 06:22:17 <mcrha>	srag, nice :)
Apr 16 06:22:25 <srag>	ashish, make sure that the custom headers gets in.
Apr 16 06:22:32 <srag>	mcrha, I assume that mbarnes reviews it
Apr 16 06:22:37 <ashish>	srag, sure..i'll do that today....
Apr 16 06:22:38 <srag>	which he is already doing it
Apr 16 06:22:42 *	mcrha too
Apr 16 06:23:07 <srag>	ashish, watch out that your plugin may not work with new composer which matt will fix around 2.23.2
Apr 16 06:23:21 <srag>	ashish, but get the base thing reviewed and committed inside
Apr 16 06:23:28 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us ?
Apr 16 06:23:32 <jony>	srag, updated MAPI rpms . and hacked up a python eplugin loader. hopefully it shud be in before 2.23.2
Apr 16 06:23:41 <ashish>	srag, ok...
Apr 16 06:23:54 <srag>	jony, that is awesome.. and I will treat you as I promised for the overnight plugin :)
Apr 16 06:24:04 <jony>	srag, /me waiting :) 
Apr 16 06:24:19 <srag>	jony, sure :)... also lets blog it when it gets to some shape...
Apr 16 06:24:30 <jony>	srag, sure .. probably next week.
Apr 16 06:24:32 <srag>	jony, we should make it a installable plugin for 2.22 IMHO
Apr 16 06:24:34 <mbarnes>	mcrha: I'll review your gvfs patch today
Apr 16 06:24:50 <jony>	srag, a standalone RPM ? 
Apr 16 06:24:52 <srag>	mbarnes, theres one more which I have ping 
Apr 16 06:24:53 <mcrha>	ok mbarnes
Apr 16 06:25:00 <srag>	mbarnes, that too mcrha's patch..
Apr 16 06:25:06 <srag>	jony, yeah..
Apr 16 06:25:16 <jony>	srag, sure , i can work on that .. shud be easy .
Apr 16 06:25:22 <srag>	cool
Apr 16 06:25:33 <srag>	mbarnes, morning... anything to share with us ?
Apr 16 06:25:59 <mbarnes>	no, nothing much this week...
Apr 16 06:26:12 <mbarnes>	grueling week so far, so I'm doing fun upstream work today  :)
Apr 16 06:26:37 <srag>	mbarnes, cool.. I have started clearing up my last month mails.. and so replied on  your few pings on bugs...
Apr 16 06:26:45 <mbarnes>	great, thanks
Apr 16 06:27:07 <srag>	mbarnes, lemme know if I have missed anything that you have pinged
Apr 16 06:27:15 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Apr 16 06:27:20 <mcrha>	just gvfs rewrite, and some easy fixes or resending patches which needed improvement or something.
Apr 16 06:27:29 <srag>	mcrha, cool.
Apr 16 06:27:37 <mcrha>	I also commented on few stack trace bugs yesterday
Apr 16 06:27:43 <srag>	nice
Apr 16 06:27:46 <mcrha>	only my thoughts what can be wrong.
Apr 16 06:27:54 <srag>	ok
Apr 16 06:27:57 <srag>	mcrha, howz the UAM thing coming up?
Apr 16 06:27:59 <mcrha>	not confident enough to produce patches
Apr 16 06:28:39 <mcrha>	UAM, still thinking, I think I will use psankar's concept of plugins, because I do not want to use dbus or bonobo to customization of EAccount
Apr 16 06:28:46 <mcrha>	but that's just one particular thing
Apr 16 06:28:56 <mcrha>	I will try to finish concept before end of this month.
Apr 16 06:29:10 <mcrha>	I hope you and all others involved will comment on it soon
Apr 16 06:29:21 <srag>	sure.
Apr 16 06:29:47 <srag>	mcrha, I have reviewed Muelli's application 
Apr 16 06:29:49 <psankar>	mcrha, plugins will make it easy to do . Go ahead :-)
Apr 16 06:29:50 <mcrha>	It's going slow, that the only bad thing at the moment
Apr 16 06:30:08 <mcrha>	psankar, I wnat to use just concept, not all tthat from EPlugin ;)
Apr 16 06:30:10 <srag>	you or me should mentor him... but other wise.. we could leverage his efforts in our direction
Apr 16 06:30:15 <srag>	:)
Apr 16 06:30:33 <mcrha>	srag, we should discuss the amount of work for him, so we will see
Apr 16 06:30:38 <srag>	mcrha, http://code.google.com/soc/2008/gnome/app.html?csaid=bAcJBg5dXyQlPx4FGgcfUC4IYhUHRAkDVSQHYkIARwhVUSBd is his appliaction
Apr 16 06:30:42 <psankar>	mcrha, okay :)
Apr 16 06:30:51 <srag>	mcrha, his thing would be xml kick off and account setup capplet
Apr 16 06:31:17 <srag>	which is sort of independent from our design and more of impl specific
Apr 16 06:31:43 *	mcrha hopes the capplet involves all the thing related to UI, because capplet will be just a call to eds function (as I think of that at the moment)
Apr 16 06:32:15 <srag>	mcrha, yeah it would be just UI things and rest would just be what we think off
Apr 16 06:32:20 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us ?
Apr 16 06:32:28 <psankar>	srag, some mem leak fixes on GW. Looking into why some PGP mails arent working with GW
Apr 16 06:32:46 <mcrha>	"just UI" is not "just" at all :)
Apr 16 06:32:49 <srag>	psankar, make sure that external editor is not experimental in 2.23.1 with HP
Apr 16 06:32:59 <srag>	mcrha, :)
Apr 16 06:33:06 <psankar>	srag, sure. now that I have the string answer ti is just a commit away
Apr 16 06:33:16 <srag>	cool
Apr 16 06:33:21 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us ?
Apr 16 06:33:29 <schooms>	srag: nope.. nothing this week.. i'd be getting back to MAPI
Apr 16 06:33:36 <srag>	cool. 
Apr 16 06:33:46 <srag>	varadhan, anything to share with us ?
Apr 16 06:34:52 <srag>	Thatz it from my side.. anything else to discuss before we meet next week ?
Apr 16 06:35:26 <srag>	Ok guys... see you all next week

