Apr 02 06:04:02 <srag>	Hello every one
Apr 02 06:04:17 <srag>	So, this is our first meeting in the 2.24 series
Apr 02 06:04:50 <srag>	Just few points...
Apr 02 06:05:10 <srag>	Monday we have our stable release in 2.22 series... just make sure that you have committed all your patches there
Apr 02 06:05:16 *	gicmo (~gicmo@91-65-151-236-dynip.superkabel.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 02 06:05:19 <gicmo>	hey
Apr 02 06:05:20 <srag>	and be cautious about the freezes
Apr 02 06:05:23 <srag>	hey gicmo 
Apr 02 06:05:47 <srag>	Novell guys, our SLE patches MUST go here, unless it breaks freezes
Apr 02 06:06:25 <srag>	Otherwise I assume that we are busy writing new stuffs/redesigns for 2.24 series :)
Apr 02 06:06:49 <srag>	Nothing great otherwise from my side.. we can go around the channel
Apr 02 06:06:55 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Apr 02 06:07:26 <abharath>	srag: working on some bugs. will start with PST after a couple of fixes
Apr 02 06:07:52 <srag>	abharath, PST import for 2000/2003/2007 is a must for 2.23.1.. can I assume? 
Apr 02 06:08:07 <abharath>	yep it is :)
Apr 02 06:08:19 <srag>	I think we can have conditional dependency on libpst and the plugin
Apr 02 06:08:29 <srag>	abharath, cool. 
Apr 02 06:08:33 <abharath>	maybe .2 but not later
Apr 02 06:08:34 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:08:42 <srag>	abharath, no...... :)
Apr 02 06:08:42 <ashish>	srag, me also working on some bugs...
Apr 02 06:08:55 <srag>	ashish, your custom headers MUST for 2.23.1
Apr 02 06:09:02 <abharath>	srag: okies :)
Apr 02 06:09:06 <srag>	abharath, thx
Apr 02 06:09:07 <ashish>	srag, okies..:)
Apr 02 06:09:26 <srag>	ashish, you can get it committed much before the release.. so that it gets some testing...
Apr 02 06:09:39 <ashish>	srag, ok...sure...
Apr 02 06:09:43 <srag>	I think you will have a break with Matt's UI manager.. since composer plugins needs a rewrite after that
Apr 02 06:09:57 <srag>	so work according with sankar to get that done
Apr 02 06:10:07 <ashish>	srag, ok...
Apr 02 06:10:13 <srag>	hey gicmo... anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:10:26 *	psankar (~evo@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 02 06:10:36 <gicmo>	srag: a bit point on my ToDo is tasks support for CalDAV
Apr 02 06:10:49 <srag>	gicmo, oh wow.
Apr 02 06:10:55 <gicmo>	srag: but that is deferred for after 2.22.1
Apr 02 06:11:00 <gicmo>	srag: its not much to do actually
Apr 02 06:11:03 <srag>	gicmo, sure.
Apr 02 06:11:21 <srag>	gicmo, were you trying for Google Contacts.. (I remember something on that)
Apr 02 06:11:27 <gicmo>	we should also look into that sqlite based cache thingy for 2.24
Apr 02 06:11:27 <srag>	using GData apis?
Apr 02 06:11:35 <gicmo>	srag: yeah, exactly
Apr 02 06:11:50 <gicmo>	ohh the libgdata-XX.pc files are all broken ;-)
Apr 02 06:11:53 <gicmo>	I have a patch for that
Apr 02 06:12:10 <srag>	gicmo, Chen is so strong on it.. He would take up cache rewrite soon. We are busy with some SLE updates here for a week 
Apr 02 06:12:16 <srag>	gicmo, sure... commit it.
Apr 02 06:12:22 <gicmo>	also some of the objects need some additions to make it ready for contacts
Apr 02 06:12:39 <srag>	gicmo, Google Contacts would be awesome. If we have that also... I would like a Google Account setup provider also.
Apr 02 06:12:56 <jony>	+1 ^
Apr 02 06:12:58 <srag>	so that it is a one step thing for all Google services
Apr 02 06:13:09 <gicmo>	srag: sure, if we have UMA that would also rock for Google Accounts then! (-:
Apr 02 06:13:18 <schooms>	that'd be awesome !
Apr 02 06:13:31 *	srag knows that mcrha is hearing ;-)
Apr 02 06:13:36 <gicmo>	srag: there is one, but not good, "write the google contacts backend" Google SoC proposal
Apr 02 06:13:42 <gicmo>	maybe we get some more ones 
Apr 02 06:13:46 <srag>	gicmo, I think I saw that
Apr 02 06:13:59 <gicmo>	I think I asked the guys for more details
Apr 02 06:14:13 <srag>	It should be simple, since we already have the calendar thing
Apr 02 06:14:22 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:14:34 <jony>	srag : hopefully , we should have libmapi 0.7 by this weekend . The original plan for MAPI provider is to get in by 2.23.2 . But it depends on licensing which is not resolved yet :( 
Apr 02 06:14:36 <gicmo>	srag: btw, google calendar doesnt woork tooo well for me
Apr 02 06:15:12 <srag>	gicmo, any good bugs/data you have... that should be targetted for 2.22.1 IMO
Apr 02 06:15:21 <gicmo>	k
Apr 02 06:15:39 <jony>	gicmo, http://www.go-evolution.org/Evo2.24 
Apr 02 06:15:57 <jony>	:)
Apr 02 06:16:29 <srag>	jony, we should have eveyrthing ready for MAPI intro trunk.
Apr 02 06:16:46 <srag>	Even if it doesn't make, we should have tarballs/RPMS for users/distros to pack it as experimental
Apr 02 06:16:47 <gicmo>	oh, now that people speak of mapi, I guess nobody though of doing another abstraction (like create something like GMAPI) that could work with libmapi and the real MAPI, have somebody (company) that is very interested in having support for real MAPI support
Apr 02 06:17:19 <jony>	srag, yep . i moved our server/mapi code to be compatible with libmapi 0.7 
Apr 02 06:17:47 <srag>	jony, ok.
Apr 02 06:17:59 <srag>	gicmo, we are now fighting initial things
Apr 02 06:18:10 <srag>	may be just after few iterations.. it should be pretty simple.
Apr 02 06:18:49 <gicmo>	srag: I am just curious if somebody has though of that, if people agree that that might be cool, I think I could get that work paid
Apr 02 06:19:35 <jony>	gicmo, i think libmapi is not a generic MAPI. afaik it has more exchange specific code . 
Apr 02 06:19:56 <gicmo>	jony: but exchange is generic mapi ;-)
Apr 02 06:19:57 <srag>	:)
Apr 02 06:19:59 <gicmo>	jony: outlook only uses MAPI to access exchange
Apr 02 06:20:07 <gicmo>	so I guess most of the stuff should be compatible
Apr 02 06:20:21 <gicmo>	I also looked at libmapi briefly and I think it could work
Apr 02 06:20:23 <srag>	gicmo, not really.. Lotus Notes uses MAPI for its mails/cal/etc
Apr 02 06:20:44 <gicmo>	srag: ugh? I dont think we dont agree here
Apr 02 06:20:55 <psankar>	MAPI is a standard afaik but not sure if it is used by anyone except outlook 
Apr 02 06:20:55 <srag>	gicmo, I think I read that somewhere...
Apr 02 06:21:05 <jony>	gicmo, srag : i'll ping Julien (openchange) to get more info on this . 
Apr 02 06:21:06 <srag>	when I was looking at Lotes connector for Evolution.
Apr 02 06:21:17 <psankar>	srag, may be it just has a MAPI interface as well 
Apr 02 06:21:27 <psankar>	jony, that will be the ebst thing
Apr 02 06:21:32 <psankar>	will solve all confusions
Apr 02 06:21:35 <gicmo>	jony: sounds good
Apr 02 06:22:05 <srag>	I dont think Julien is around
Apr 02 06:22:10 <gicmo>	but a gobjectified nice abstraction layer like GMAPI that abstracts libmapi and the real MAPI thingy would be so cool
Apr 02 06:22:30 <jony>	yep . 
Apr 02 06:22:37 <gicmo>	imagine evo under win32 and it could do everything that outlook can do, provider wise
Apr 02 06:22:37 <srag>	gicmo, That is very much possible and would be nice too.
Apr 02 06:23:09 <srag>	That reminds me another thing... Im working with Tor to get out  Evolution 2.22 on Win32
Apr 02 06:23:35 <srag>	I have Evolution 2.21.91 under win32.. just waiting for him to update the tarballs and shell out a setup.exe
Apr 02 06:24:11 <srag>	I want to announce it after that... It is not yet Windozy but IMAP/Pop/etc works well
Apr 02 06:24:27 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:24:38 <gicmo>	gotta run, later
Apr 02 06:24:40 <lakhil>	srag, busy in sled testing ..nothing much 
Apr 02 06:24:43 <srag>	bye gicmo 
Apr 02 06:24:50 <jony>	bye gicmo 
Apr 02 06:24:56 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:25:01 <mcrha>	hi srag, that was a real pleasure your recent comeback as reviewer, so keep that way. Otherwise just filling patches quota and as most of you here know, we started to gather requirements for UAM and maybe some designs how-to. Still in progress, anyway.
Apr 02 06:25:21 <srag>	Thx mcrha :)
Apr 02 06:25:44 <srag>	mcrha, good progess... just close on the first few bits and start implementing
Apr 02 06:25:59 <srag>	I think we would have more questions/thoughts when you touch it
Apr 02 06:26:10 <srag>	We can also make use of GSOC once we have the initial bits
Apr 02 06:26:20 <mcrha>	srag, we should just decide whether with Muelli or not, or partially or something
Apr 02 06:26:23 <srag>	looks like Muelli is interested in it
Apr 02 06:26:28 <mcrha>	sure
Apr 02 06:26:53 <srag>	mcrha, we can use Muelli to get the XML as well as the capplet thing.
Apr 02 06:27:19 <mcrha>	let's see, I'll add him to the CC and send him the previous discussion, so he will know and can tell us his thoughts
Apr 02 06:27:25 <srag>	sure
Apr 02 06:27:30 <srag>	prasad, anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:27:32 *	srinidhi (~srinidhi@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 02 06:27:51 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:27:57 <psankar>	srag, nope nothing
Apr 02 06:28:09 <psankar>	srag, will be workign on http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=496839
Apr 02 06:28:16 <srag>	psankar, would you like to announce the thing you doing with Miguel ?
Apr 02 06:28:20 <psankar>	adn the new plugin composer issues
Apr 02 06:28:33 <psankar>	srag, he he.. after a demo video
Apr 02 06:28:36 <psankar>	srag, not atm
Apr 02 06:28:47 <psankar>	srag, I need to prepare a screen cast and wil do after that
Apr 02 06:28:50 <srag>	:)
Apr 02 06:29:03 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:29:13 <schooms>	srag: nothing apart from bugs for SLE.. /me wants to get back to MAPI sooooon ;)
Apr 02 06:29:27 <srag>	you would dude. 
Apr 02 06:29:35 <srag>	srinidhi, anything to share with us?
Apr 02 06:29:47 <srinidhi>	srag: nothing.. :)
Apr 02 06:29:53 <srag>	:)
Apr 02 06:30:06 <srag>	Anything else to discuss before we meet next week ?
Apr 02 06:30:42 <srag>	Ok guys.. see you all next week... bye

