Aug 13 12:06:37 <srag>	Hello every one
Aug 13 12:06:47 <seb128>	hi there
Aug 13 12:07:09 <srag>	Lets try to have a quick meeting ;-)
Aug 13 12:07:16 *	psankar (~evo@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Aug 13 12:07:33 *	psankar is now known as psankar_afk
Aug 13 12:07:56 <srag>	Guys, disk summary is coming up pretty well.
Aug 13 12:08:08 *	muelli (~Muelli@g224104049.adsl.alicedsl.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Aug 13 12:08:10 <srag>	lots of bugs coming in and we are fixing it at equal speed
Aug 13 12:08:14 *	EvaSDK_ (~eva@APuteaux-755-1-31-214.w90-61.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Aug 13 12:08:17 <srag>	still counts messing up things
Aug 13 12:08:48 <srag>	apart from that, chen's mvc changes made in today
Aug 13 12:08:57 <srag>	which is another major change in calendar
Aug 13 12:09:01 *	kandepu (~kandepu@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Aug 13 12:09:02 <jony>	yay ! cal is faster now :) 
Aug 13 12:09:07 <srag>	lots of new architectural changes getting in
Aug 13 12:09:14 <srag>	so, its equally risky
Aug 13 12:09:20 <srag>	lets be very cautious :)
Aug 13 12:09:39 <srag>	we have 2.23.90 on monday and I hope disk summary much be more stable for it
Aug 13 12:10:33 <srag>	lets go around the channel...
Aug 13 12:10:38 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:11:03 <abharath>	srag: Been working on trunk for Windows. committed a few hacks and its almost there now
Aug 13 12:11:14 <abharath>	srag: apart from that wud work on Exchange unread counts
Aug 13 12:11:15 <srag>	abharath, you need to focus on exchange w/disk summary
Aug 13 12:11:19 <srag>	abharath, cool.
Aug 13 12:11:26 <abharath>	srag: yup on my list
Aug 13 12:11:27 <srag>	EvaSDK_, hey, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:11:43 *	mcrha has some pending reviews on abharath :)
Aug 13 12:11:55 <srag>	mcrha, ping ping ping him... :)
Aug 13 12:12:01 <abharath>	mcrha: yes would do that :)
Aug 13 12:12:01 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:12:06 <abharath>	srag: :)
Aug 13 12:12:31 <jony>	srag: more MAPI. looks like recent changes have broken some fetching items .. 
Aug 13 12:12:34 <mcrha>	I think it's only two bugs, not three :)
Aug 13 12:12:55 <jony>	currently working on PF support and looking at some more MAPI specific things (like forwarding ) 
Aug 13 12:12:59 <abharath>	mcrha: ok cool. will do it for this release
Aug 13 12:13:00 <EvaSDK_>	srag: nope, updated my box to 2.23.6 so should be able to commit patches this weekend :)
Aug 13 12:13:15 <srag>	EvaSDK_, ok :)
Aug 13 12:13:21 <mcrha>	abharath, yup, would be nice before (any) freeze
Aug 13 12:13:27 <srag>	kandepu, anything to share iwth us ?
Aug 13 12:13:47 <abharath>	mcrha: sure thing
Aug 13 12:13:58 <kandepu>	srag, testing on MAPI and little on Evo on windows
Aug 13 12:14:06 <srag>	kandepu, cool.
Aug 13 12:14:12 <srag>	kmaraas, hey.. anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:14:19 <srag>	kmaraas, I know you are having lots of troubles
Aug 13 12:14:27 <jony>	srag: also kandepu will put MAPI bugs in BGO. no more wiki + pastebin :) 
Aug 13 12:14:37 <srag>	jony, kandepu cool.
Aug 13 12:15:03 <srag>	lakhil|brb, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:15:37 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:15:39 <mcrha>	somehow nothing interesting this week, just usual kill-the-bug game.
Aug 13 12:16:03 <srag>	mcrha, :)
Aug 13 12:16:30 <srag>	muelli, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:16:35 <muelli>	I a have started to reimplement the EAccount to store stuff directly to GConf and get rid of those very efficent but ugly macro which is pretty hard to understand. I had to make a couple of design decissions, like use a hashtable to store all the properties instead of a (local) datastructure. That gives us the ability to (really) see whether a property has changes. Consumes more memory though :-\
Aug 13 12:16:47 <srag>	muelli, ah!
Aug 13 12:16:51 <muelli>	I use the hashtable as a cache to not query GConf all the time, but Gconf has a cache itself, so the HT might be bloat.
Aug 13 12:17:01 <srag>	muelli, lets see how we can overcome it
Aug 13 12:17:03 <muelli>	Also I encountered a small problem: Where to put accoutns? I went for /apps/evolution/mail/account/$uid/$property, but we can't install schemas for that.
Aug 13 12:17:12 <srag>	oh
Aug 13 12:17:20 *	varadhan (~bhargavi@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Aug 13 12:17:28 <EvaSDK_>	muelli: did you have a look at my gconf draft on the wiki ?
Aug 13 12:17:31 <srag>	muelli, lets take it offline away from the meeting...
Aug 13 12:17:40 <muelli>	EvaSDK_: uh. no. show me :)
Aug 13 12:17:54 <srag>	pvanhoof, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:18:06 <srag>	missed psankar_afk 
Aug 13 12:18:10 <pvanhoof>	nope
Aug 13 12:18:11 <srag>	psankar_afk, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:18:30 <psankar_afk>	srag, nothing much. working on relicensing and db monitoring
Aug 13 12:18:37 <srag>	psankar_afk, ok
Aug 13 12:18:43 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:18:59 <schooms>	srag: MAPI .. nothing more
Aug 13 12:19:09 <srag>	schooms, ok
Aug 13 12:19:13 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:19:15 <schooms>	fixed the fedora builds yesterday :)
Aug 13 12:19:35 <srag>	schooms, cool
Aug 13 12:19:56 <seb128>	srag: nothing special no, you guys are doing a good job at fixing bugs I report ;-) I'm waiting for next tarballs now to see if there is still some bugs around ;-)
Aug 13 12:20:07 <srag>	seb128, sure.. monday  we should have it...
Aug 13 12:20:12 <seb128>	cool
Aug 13 12:20:20 <srag>	seb128, get all bugs.. and CC me there, for a fast fix ;-)
Aug 13 12:20:29 <srag>	if Im not online
Aug 13 12:20:30 <seb128>	will do ;-)
Aug 13 12:20:37 <srag>	varadhan, anything to share with us ?
Aug 13 12:20:39 <srag>	seb128, thx
Aug 13 12:21:40 <srag>	Ok guys, anything else to discuss before we leave ?
Aug 13 12:21:42 <jony>	srag: yep. any updates from Alp on the webkit patch ?
Aug 13 12:21:45 <srag>	Im done from my side...
Aug 13 12:21:54 <srag>	jony, no updates... Even I pinged him yesterday :(
Aug 13 12:22:08 <jony>	oh ..  so we wont be having it for 2.24 ? 
Aug 13 12:22:22 <srag>	jony, looks like that 
Aug 13 12:22:22 <jony>	as a optional thing ? 
Aug 13 12:22:26 <jony>	oh .. okie .. 
Aug 13 12:22:29 <srag>	lets see
Aug 13 12:22:33 <jony>	cool . 
Aug 13 12:22:42 <srag>	Anything else ?
Aug 13 12:23:06 <srag>	Ok guys, see you all next week.
Aug 13 12:23:08 <srag>	bye
