May 28 05:59:35 <srag>	Hello everyone
May 28 05:59:56 <srag>	we had released 2.22.2 on Monday which would hit the streets in a few days
May 28 06:00:07 <srag>	and looking forward for GNOME 2.23.3 on monday
May 28 06:00:38 <srag>	shashish's custom sending headers committed for 2.23.3
May 28 06:00:46 <srag>	shashish, you need to close the pending issues without fail
May 28 06:00:54 <srag>	apart from that we don't have anything big
May 28 06:00:57 <shashish>	srag, sure...
May 28 06:01:27 <srag>	I'm looking for disk summary to be there in 2.23.4/.5
May 28 06:01:41 <srag>	so be prepared to give it a huge shake
May 28 06:01:57 <srag>	I have already started discussion with the release team for having sqlite in our dependency 
May 28 06:02:16 <srag>	and some discussions are there in progress there, with respect to having it through libgda
May 28 06:02:23 <srag>	or direct linkage
May 28 06:03:01 <mcrha>	I guess it will solve the problem with move to large file support on 32 bit machines too, right?
May 28 06:03:13 <srag>	otherwise, everything is going smooth. and me / psankar are having good time with it
May 28 06:03:19 <srag>	psankar, yeah
May 28 06:03:22 <srag>	mcrha, yeah
May 28 06:03:31 <srag>	mcrha, it will solve lots of problems
May 28 06:03:34 <psankar>	mcrha, yes. we will have big datatypes to hold offsets
May 28 06:03:35 <mcrha>	ok, thanks
May 28 06:03:35 <srag>	I have a huge list :)
May 28 06:03:45 <srag>	psankar, no more offsets dude
May 28 06:03:54 <srag>	psankar, confused... sorry
May 28 06:04:09 <srag>	psankar, I was thinking of moving to maildir for local providers
May 28 06:04:22 *	varadhan (~bhargavi@59.92.199.146) has joined #evolution-meet
May 28 06:04:25 <srag>	as mbox now-a-day proving too costly interms of rewriting files etc
May 28 06:04:30 <psankar>	srag, yeah.. which will be beneficial. I tried it and if we fix the copy etc. it will be much better
May 28 06:04:37 <psankar>	srag, agreed
May 28 06:04:39 <srag>	and crashes are too expensive to fix the broken mbox
May 28 06:04:57 <srag>	and I had some discussion with fejj also and he suggested that maildir can be a good option there
May 28 06:05:04 <srag>	psankar, I was replying in that context :)
May 28 06:05:14 <srag>	if that, then no offsets, just uris :)
May 28 06:05:22 <psankar>	okay gotcha
May 28 06:05:32 <mcrha>	what's the planned time frame for that?
May 28 06:05:39 <srag>	mcrha, maildir?
May 28 06:05:42 <mcrha>	yes
May 28 06:05:51 <srag>	I want to do it for 2.23.4
May 28 06:05:56 <srag>	it needs good migration code also
May 28 06:06:06 <mcrha>	good
May 28 06:06:08 <srag>	thought the base code is nothing expect the default code
May 28 06:06:30 <srag>	mcrha, if I can get a volunteer, it will be great ;-)
May 28 06:06:41 <mcrha>	volunteer for what?
May 28 06:06:49 <srag>	for maildir task 
May 28 06:06:56 <srag>	with me sunk in disk summary, this seem to be slipping every now and then
May 28 06:06:59 <mcrha>	I thought psankar is playing with it
May 28 06:07:00 <psankar>	srag, mcrha : There were some problems with copy operations
May 28 06:07:09 <psankar>	srag, mcrha : Apart from that it looks pretty neat
May 28 06:07:12 <srag>	psankar, it is there in normal cases also I think
May 28 06:07:15 <srag>	psankar, we can fix it
May 28 06:07:23 <mcrha>	s/can/should
May 28 06:07:24 <mcrha>	;)
May 28 06:07:27 <psankar>	mcrha, I jsut looked at it for a day and ditched it for working on Disk-summary
May 28 06:07:38 <srag>	we need some one who tries it, fixes bugs around and migrate the users
May 28 06:07:41 <mcrha>	psankar, ok :)
May 28 06:07:45 <psankar>	may be we will take it after disk-summary
May 28 06:07:56 <srag>	psankar, that may be too late to try anything
May 28 06:08:12 <srag>	thatz why I said, just after 2.23.3 apply it in trunk
May 28 06:08:17 <psankar>	srag, hmm. let us see.
May 28 06:08:20 <srag>	and all hackers try it till 2.23.4
May 28 06:08:20 <mcrha>	srag, I can try, but I have I guess +40 mails/bugs to do after vacation :(
May 28 06:09:04 <srag>	mcrha, I think if you want to try it, the rest bugs can surely wait, because, this is pretty important IMO
May 28 06:09:06 *	mcrha reminds srag migration code doesn't work for trunk/unstable code  users
May 28 06:09:07 <jony>	srag: psankar , is this going to be optional during compile ? 
May 28 06:09:27 <srag>	mcrha, thatz fine. we focus on 2.22.3 to 2.24.0 users
May 28 06:09:35 *	lakhil eagerly waits for UAM :)
May 28 06:09:40 <psankar>	jony, nope
May 28 06:09:45 *	mcrha hides
May 28 06:09:50 <srag>	lakhil, dont' scare mcrha 
May 28 06:09:50 <chen>	heh
May 28 06:09:55 <srag>	:)
May 28 06:09:57 <lakhil>	:D
May 28 06:10:01 <jony>	psankar: ah k . 
May 28 06:10:05 <srag>	anyways, these are some things happening around here.
May 28 06:10:09 <srag>	lets go around the channel
May 28 06:10:14 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
May 28 06:10:25 <mcrha>	srag, some of the bugs can wait, so I can look at it in a week or so
May 28 06:10:35 <srag>	mcrha, gr8
May 28 06:10:57 *	mcrha will ask psankar for pointers ;)
May 28 06:11:03 <srag>	mcrha, sure
May 28 06:11:05 <abharath>	srag: Working on Evo on windows. just initial stages but going good. Tor n you are always there for anything :D
May 28 06:11:06 <psankar>	mcrha, sure. 
May 28 06:11:29 <srag>	so, Its official, we will be support Evolution 2.22 onwards on Windows XP and later future version. and kick abharath if somethings not in place including the build ;-)
May 28 06:11:32 <abharath>	srag: apart from that just some crashers and commits
May 28 06:11:41 <abharath>	srag: :)
May 28 06:11:49 <psankar>	srag, I thought 2.24
May 28 06:11:52 <srag>	abharath, great
May 28 06:11:59 <srag>	psankar, nope, we must get 2.22 also IMO
May 28 06:12:07 <psankar>	yeah. that will be better
May 28 06:12:13 <srag>	2.24 is another 3-4 months before people start using it
May 28 06:12:22 <srag>	abharath, has the energy to get over in another 1 week
May 28 06:12:27 <srag>	psankar, what to do then?
May 28 06:12:39 <srag>	so we 'll support from 2.22 onwards ;-)
May 28 06:12:43 <psankar>	:-)
May 28 06:12:49 <psankar>	Agreed
May 28 06:12:49 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
May 28 06:12:49 <abharath>	srag: :)
May 28 06:12:56 <chen>	srag: just started with obsoleting camel-disco*  classes and migrating imap and nntp to use camel-offline*
May 28 06:13:10 <srag>	chen, cool.
May 28 06:13:30 <chen>	and some ground work after that for mailer to EDS
May 28 06:13:30 <srag>	chen, I want you to kick off patches on bugzilla (anything less than 80days).
May 28 06:13:38 <srag>	chen, cool
May 28 06:13:50 <chen>	srag: yeah sure. Will be getting on with that 
May 28 06:13:51 <srag>	chen, I'm all waiting it to have the base cleared for the bigger plan
May 28 06:13:59 <mcrha>	srag, please not 'kick off' ;)
May 28 06:14:00 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us ?
May 28 06:14:06 <jony>	srag: Been cleaning up attachment reminder. have one more feature to put in.
May 28 06:14:08 <chen>	lol
May 28 06:14:16 <jony>	srag: and regarding  the python loader, i need to  find some quality  time :D .
May 28 06:14:29 <jony>	otherwise on the MAPI front, i'm i'm having good traction this week. there are some weird MAPI way of doing things.. i'm looking at it .. But still we are blocked on licensing, so not assured date for it yet ... 
May 28 06:14:34 <srag>	mcrha, sure ;-)
May 28 06:14:54 <chen>	srag: yeah, we will be getting them done soon :)
May 28 06:14:59 <srag>	jony, you have all your nights and weekends ;-) and I gave my treat before you commit it ;-)
May 28 06:15:11 <abharath>	:)
May 28 06:15:15 <jony>	:) srag .. hopefully this weekend .. 
May 28 06:15:24 <srag>	so monday's release jony "
May 28 06:15:24 <srag>	?
May 28 06:15:29 <srag>	great jony 
May 28 06:15:29 <lakhil>	so many things to try out in 2.24 :)
May 28 06:15:38 <jony>	hehe :) 
May 28 06:15:39 <abharath>	lakhil: :)
May 28 06:15:40 <srag>	lakhil, wait, I will come to you ;-)
May 28 06:15:50 *	lakhil hides now
May 28 06:15:50 <srag>	mbarnes_, hey, 
May 28 06:15:55 <srag>	mbarnes_, anything to share with us ?
May 28 06:16:40 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
May 28 06:16:44 <mcrha>	just trying to turn on the working engine again. Not much progress with it, somehow.
May 28 06:17:16 <srag>	mcrha, it takes some time, to tune it back to old settting, if you are back from a vacation, :)
May 28 06:17:20 <mcrha>	about uam, hmm, we can play with it a bit, but I'm very skeptic about it for 2.24
May 28 06:17:22 *	jony get mcrha some good fuel . ! go mcrha go mcrha.
May 28 06:17:40 <srag>	mcrha, we need to scope things down
May 28 06:17:54 <srag>	mcrha, we cant afford to delay it, thatz my opinion
May 28 06:18:05 <mcrha>	srag, yup. maybe remove it from the feature list for 2.24?
May 28 06:18:09 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
May 28 06:18:20 <srag>	mcrha, not that much scope down ;-)
May 28 06:18:25 <psankar>	srag, having a good time in Madagascar ;-)
May 28 06:18:28 <mcrha>	will see
May 28 06:18:50 <srag>	psankar, yeah
May 28 06:19:02 <srag>	psankar, can we have the local running from disk summary on Friday ?
May 28 06:19:08 <srag>	at our laptop ?
May 28 06:19:11 <srag>	psankar, TARGET ?
May 28 06:19:14 <psankar>	srag, we will target it
May 28 06:19:19 <srag>	awesome psankar 
May 28 06:19:20 <psankar>	srag, yes. we will try.
May 28 06:19:27 <srag>	shashish, anything to share with us ?>
May 28 06:19:40 <psankar>	and Madagascar is the codename for our disk-summary project
May 28 06:19:41 <shashish>	srag, nothing much to share.....i'm going to complete server side rule support ... it will complete in this week.....
May 28 06:19:52 <srag>	psankar, remember after we get everything we have a huge task to accomplish like search, mem, etc
May 28 06:19:53 <jony>	psankar: nice name ;-) 
May 28 06:20:02 <srag>	shashish, ok
May 28 06:20:11 *	jony is now known as jony|afk
May 28 06:20:12 <srag>	shashish, you need to start non intrusive errors in calendar asap
May 28 06:20:15 <psankar>	srag, sure
May 28 06:20:20 <srag>	varadhan, anything to share with us ?>
May 28 06:20:28 <psankar>	jony|afk, :-)
May 28 06:20:44 <varadhan>	srag, nothing really.. except few design discussions with the people - and hanging around in the channels. ;-)
May 28 06:20:52 <srag>	ok :)
May 28 06:21:06 <srag>	Ok guys, thatz it from my side, anything else to discuss before we meet next week ?
May 28 06:21:08 <shashish>	srag, sure.....i'll come to non-intrusive error soon...
May 28 06:21:19 <srag>	shashish, sure
May 28 06:21:44 <psankar>	shashish, I might suggest
May 28 06:21:45 <srag>	see you all next week. Bye
May 28 06:21:46 *	srag (~sragavan@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet
May 28 06:22:04 <psankar>	shashish, to complete custom-header configure before taking up errors
May 28 06:22:16 <psankar>	shashish, otherwise the feature will stand incomplete
May 28 06:22:39 <shashish>	psankar, custom header configure?
May 28 06:22:47 <psankar>	shashish, yeah
May 28 06:23:04 <shashish>	psankar, ok...sure...
May 28 06:23:26 <psankar>	that's it from me
May 28 06:23:27 <psankar>	thjanks
May 28 06:23:35 <psankar>	bye all

