Jan 16 05:11:57 <srag>	Hello everyone
Jan 16 05:12:04 *	kandepu (~tester@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Jan 16 05:12:20 <srag>	Sorry for the uninformed delay in the meeting. I was caught up on a corridor meeting.
Jan 16 05:12:52 <srag>	which went beyond time and I didnt carry my mobile/watch to see the time :(
Jan 16 05:12:54 *	lakhil (~lakhil@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Jan 16 05:13:16 <srag>	So guys, we released 2.21.5 yesterday and I know I have inserted on critical bug there 
Jan 16 05:13:40 <srag>	some of your alerts from the servers may be laying as non-intrusive errors
Jan 16 05:13:51 <srag>	Other than that no other known issues
Jan 16 05:14:13 <srag>	And on the stacktrace hack fest, we can have it on Jan 22 and not Jan 17th.
Jan 16 05:14:26 <srag>	I would announce it today/tomorrow on the e-h list
Jan 16 05:14:48 <srag>	Im planning to have a wiki page where we can list our bugs or may be the bug url there
Jan 16 05:15:20 <psankar>	srag, I suppose we just need to query with whiteboard = stack-trace
Jan 16 05:15:25 <psankar>	srag, do we need a url ?
Jan 16 05:15:28 <psankar>	or a page ?
Jan 16 05:15:59 <srag>	psankar, right. But it is a 300 bug list and mcrha had a point there. It might take long time to get/reproduce lot of them
Jan 16 05:16:08 <srag>	I'm fine with all stack-trace bugs also
Jan 16 05:16:14 <psankar>	srag, oh okay
Jan 16 05:16:26 <srag>	mcrha, am I right? IIRC you had a point there same as what I said
Jan 16 05:16:49 <mcrha>	yes, srag
Jan 16 05:16:51 <srag>	psankar, it is easier if we can have some 50 bugs that we know happen for sure.
Jan 16 05:16:58 <srag>	and fix it
Jan 16 05:16:59 <chen>	srag: its better to separate have a filter on ones which are consistent enough
Jan 16 05:17:16 <srag>	right. So Im getting the support for the point. So I'll go ahead with that.
Jan 16 05:17:18 <psankar>	srag, anything goes well with me
Jan 16 05:17:22 <srag>	cool.
Jan 16 05:17:52 <srag>	So decided final. Jan 22nd is gonna be the hackfest (Full hours - UTC 00:00 to UTC 23.59) :)
Jan 16 05:18:00 <srag>	which would cover across all the timezones :)
Jan 16 05:18:14 <srag>	And another things is that, I posted a blog on Monday on my experiments/design on disk summary
Jan 16 05:18:35 <srag>	most of that is post 2.22 material and may decide the roadmap for 2.24.
Jan 16 05:19:17 <srag>	other than that, I have few more threads running with me that may decide the other components for the 2.24 roadmap
Jan 16 05:19:57 <srag>	but in a whole, 2.24 would be focusing on Network/Protocol Optimization and Memory/Stability/Performance improvement
Jan 16 05:20:09 <srag>	and may not feature any written features apart from MAPI
Jan 16 05:20:26 <srag>	that is what I'm going with currently.
Jan 16 05:20:42 <srag>	Thatz it from my side...
Jan 16 05:21:09 <srag>	On the work front, last week few stacktrace bugs and lots of work on my experiment.
Jan 16 05:21:24 <srag>	and I'm planning to do some work to improve/speed-up spam filtering this week. 
Jan 16 05:21:35 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us?
Jan 16 05:21:52 <abharath>	srag: just working on pst import. nothing else
Jan 16 05:22:05 <srag>	abharath, any breakthrough on the 2003 files?
Jan 16 05:22:44 <abharath>	srag: able to fetch the headers. gotta work on the attachments. 
Jan 16 05:22:49 <srag>	abharath, cool. 
Jan 16 05:22:56 <srag>	abharath, how much work is still pending?
Jan 16 05:23:02 <srag>	(%) should be fine to share :)
Jan 16 05:23:14 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us?
Jan 16 05:23:38 <ashish>	srag, I've given patch for custom header for review and working on some GW bugs.
Jan 16 05:24:12 <abharath>	srag: working with the libpst maintainer on fixing the attachments. For mails, it should be around 30% more. For contacts its almost done :)
Jan 16 05:24:20 <srag>	ashish, cool. Unfortunately it missed the feature freeze release on monday. But I hope that I can get a window to add that, since we are still before UI Freeze
Jan 16 05:25:16 <srag>	abharath, cool. this sounds great. This might be another important thing for Exchange users
Jan 16 05:25:27 <ashish>	srag, sure..ok..
Jan 16 05:25:29 <srag>	rather help them migrate from Windows
Jan 16 05:25:36 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us?
Jan 16 05:25:55 <abharath>	srag: yes it would
Jan 16 05:25:55 <chen>	srag: some patch reviews and working on some bugs which are causing memory hogs and cpu spikes...
Jan 16 05:25:55 <srag>	thx abharath and all the best
Jan 16 05:25:56 <srag>	chen, cool.
Jan 16 05:25:58 <chen>	BTW, am able to use total view with EDS calendar now and it is wonderful!! thanks srag for pointing me to that :)
Jan 16 05:26:00 <srag>	chen,  saw your bug.
Jan 16 05:26:36 <srag>	chen, cool. I know totalview can totally help you keep in the memory in control
Jan 16 05:26:54 <srag>	chen, I hope to see more memory control patches for calendar from now on
Jan 16 05:27:06 <chen>	yeah, just learning the tool now!
Jan 16 05:27:07 <srag>	I did that for addressbook around 2.12 time
Jan 16 05:27:14 <srag>	thx chen 
Jan 16 05:27:34 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us? (atleast sweets from Australia ?)
Jan 16 05:27:41 <jony>	srag: came back from holidays ... back on MAPI work. and working on packaging mapi provider ...  so that ppl can try it out before it makes into trunk.
Jan 16 05:27:53 <jony>	srag: i'm bankrupt .. any help wud be cool :D
Jan 16 05:28:06 <srag>	jony, hehe :)
Jan 16 05:28:35 <srag>	jony, I want to give out packages for MAPI provider through OBS by this week (would be nice if we can give out for OpenSUSE, Fedora and Ubuntu)
Jan 16 05:29:02 <jony>	srag: sure .. working on it .. most of it is done .. some more testing to go .. 
Jan 16 05:29:03 <srag>	I'm not sure about Ubuntu through OBS (just check it out)
Jan 16 05:29:06 <psankar>	srag, I might add SLE as well
Jan 16 05:29:06 <srag>	jony, cool.
Jan 16 05:29:15 <srag>	psankar, that is by default ;-)
Jan 16 05:29:25 <psankar>	:)
Jan 16 05:29:27 <srag>	kandepu, anything to share with us
Jan 16 05:29:43 <kandepu>	srag: nothing from my side
Jan 16 05:29:46 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us?
Jan 16 05:30:03 <lakhil>	srag, i tried to reproduce eds memory consumption and CPU utilization issue and updated bugs , did testing on google calendar
Jan 16 05:30:17 <srag>	lakhil, cool. ok.
Jan 16 05:30:22 <srag>	lakhil, got your totalview running? 
Jan 16 05:30:23 <lakhil>	srag, Group wise account gives password prompts several times yesterday and it doesn't accept for calendar , is it due to break in non-intrusive errors ?
Jan 16 05:30:41 <lakhil>	srag, i will have to learn from chen :)
Jan 16 05:30:41 <srag>	I want to see bug reports from you on leaks with data from totalview
Jan 16 05:30:46 <srag>	lakhil, I donno. 
Jan 16 05:30:58 <lakhil>	Okay 
Jan 16 05:30:59 <srag>	lakhil, we can meet after the meeting and see it
Jan 16 05:31:05 <srag>	mbarnes, anything to share with us?
Jan 16 05:31:08 <mbarnes>	I'm on RHEL duty for the rest of the week so I won't be available much
Jan 16 05:31:08 <mbarnes>	but next week I hope to get back to hacking on the new composer
Jan 16 05:31:08 <mbarnes>	which, btw, is coming along nicely (see the New_Composer wiki page)
Jan 16 05:31:08 <mbarnes>	but obviously will not make 2.22 at this point
Jan 16 05:31:08 <mbarnes>	also, I'm maintaining the Evolution extension for Zimbra now
Jan 16 05:31:33 <srag>	mbarnes, oh nice. I would see the composer page.
Jan 16 05:31:46 <srag>	nice to hear about your Zimbra connector :)
Jan 16 05:32:05 <srag>	mbarnes, it was done by Zimbra right?
Jan 16 05:32:11 <srag>	or a RH collaboration ?
Jan 16 05:32:20 <srag>	(or - confidential ? ;-)
Jan 16 05:32:35 <mbarnes>	Zimbra wrote it and then punted it to SourceForge when they got bought by Yahoo!
Jan 16 05:32:49 <mbarnes>	meanwhile Red Hat rolled out Zimbra for use internally
Jan 16 05:32:56 <mbarnes>	so this kinda fell in my lap
Jan 16 05:32:58 <srag>	oh ok. 
Jan 16 05:33:07 <srag>	now you guys are maintaining it (just for internal usage?)
Jan 16 05:33:17 <chen>	lakhil:  its easy to use, only thing its not a opensource tool :(
Jan 16 05:33:29 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us?
Jan 16 05:33:33 <mbarnes>	sort of, I'm maintaining the SourceForge project
Jan 16 05:33:33 <mcrha>	srag, you mentioned above there are no other issues in 2.21.5, but I noticed couple of complains in evolution-list about connecting to exchange 2003 server, doesn't work for them. Maybe something happened?
Jan 16 05:33:50 <srag>	mbarnes, oh nice :)
Jan 16 05:33:52 *	chen is now known as chen_brb
Jan 16 05:34:21 <srag>	mcrha, AFAIK, nothing much changed in the Exchange connector code except some crash fixes
Jan 16 05:34:29 <mcrha>	apart of that nothing, I'm just a bit unhappy you rejected my patch :)
Jan 16 05:34:40 <srag>	mcrha, thatz ok :)
Jan 16 05:35:10 <mcrha>	srag, I do not know much about exchange, I just know that I cannot connect to our test server too, but no idea why
Jan 16 05:35:23 <srag>	But THREE BIG CHEERS for some of your hard-to-fix-unknown-gtkhtml-featurey-bug-fixes
Jan 16 05:35:39 <srag>	mcrha, oh is it so bad?
Jan 16 05:35:49 *	psankar claps for mcrha 
Jan 16 05:35:57 <srag>	mcrha, it would be great, to see any bug fix caused any regression
Jan 16 05:35:58 *	mbarnes salutes
Jan 16 05:36:04 <mcrha>	not so bad, I do not use it regularly
Jan 16 05:36:27 <srag>	mcrha, but since you can reproduce it, you can just debug a bit. so that we can fix it
Jan 16 05:36:34 <mcrha>	sure, but as I said, I do not know exchange background at all
Jan 16 05:36:46 <mcrha>	maybe, I can try
Jan 16 05:36:55 <srag>	mcrha, take our help. (Oh you really need it? I dont think so ;-)
Jan 16 05:37:11 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Jan 16 05:37:14 <mcrha>	for exchange? yes, I need it ;)
Jan 16 05:37:20 <psankar>	srag, Just committed  a patch for our good old friend - http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=213072  
Jan 16 05:37:30 <srag>	mcrha, hehe :) (I have more confidence)
Jan 16 05:37:50 <psankar>	apart from that some GW crashers reported by City of Largo and some stacktrace bugs should kep me occupied
Jan 16 05:37:54 <srag>	psankar, that was awesome. we didnt hack it but we worked around it in a simple way.
Jan 16 05:38:02 <psankar>	srag, yup
Jan 16 05:38:04 <srag>	psankar, cool.
Jan 16 05:38:08 <psankar>	srag, and now that 
Jan 16 05:38:18 <mcrha>	psankar, what about last week patch I reverted? I didn't notice any update on it (maybe my fault)
Jan 16 05:38:20 <srag>	psankar, put some efforts on the flag sync and spam upsync thing 
Jan 16 05:38:28 <psankar>	srag, almost all scenarios causing that inconsistency have been addressed, i guess we can mark that bug as resolved
Jan 16 05:38:35 <psankar>	srag, sure
Jan 16 05:38:42 <srag>	psankar, sure. go ahead and do that.
Jan 16 05:38:45 <psankar>	mcrha, yeah. I missed it. I'll fix it this week
Jan 16 05:38:53 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Jan 16 05:38:57 <mcrha>	ok psankar 
Jan 16 05:38:58 <psankar>	srag, i'll just wait for one more dot release
Jan 16 05:39:00 <schooms>	srag: the timezone stuff for MAPI is in.. and it works well.. remaining work in mapi/calendar : recurrence, meetings/assigned tasks and freebusy
Jan 16 05:39:25 <srag>	schooms, that sounds great. Lets achieve feature complete asap :)
Jan 16 05:39:33 <schooms>	will probably start wit recurrence soon.. the others need APIs in libmapi
Jan 16 05:39:39 <srag>	psankar, ok. I'm fine with either.
Jan 16 05:40:10 <srag>	schooms, let Julien know in advance as it may disrupt his schedule
Jan 16 05:40:25 <schooms>	srag: yeah.. he knows.. 
Jan 16 05:40:30 *	srag reminds schooms that we still don't have the way to sync the diffs based on time
Jan 16 05:40:37 <srag>	schooms, thatz cool.
Jan 16 05:41:03 <schooms>	srag: i told you one approach sometime ago.. that can work interim.. 
Jan 16 05:41:10 <srag>	I'm done with my agenda. Be prepared to the hackfest and fix as much as possible that day. 
Jan 16 05:41:17 <srag>	schooms, thatz buggy
Jan 16 05:41:22 <srag>	rather not optimal
Jan 16 05:41:33 <srag>	Anything else to discuss?
Jan 16 05:41:38 <schooms>	but n/w efficient ;)
Jan 16 05:42:31 <srag>	Ok guys. See you all next week. Bye

