README's README
===============

Yeah, so, you've decided to add a project to projects.gnome.org/! I'm
sorry. I apologize. This README is what passes for a modern CMS in
GNOME, circa late 2005. Yes, embarassing, no? Don't worry, we'll have
a CMS soon, or so Jeff has been telling us since 2002. In the
meantime, well, let's have a look at what you can do instead. It's not
that bad, really, if you follow every step exactly to the
letter. Sacrifice of a virgin goat is also suggested.

PREREQ
======

This assumes you know SVN and have GNOME SVN access. If you don't know
SVN, you probably want to find a developer on the relevant project and
have them do the commit-y bits. If you don't have permissions, ping
gnome-web-list@gnome.org and gmarketing-list@gnome.org and ask someone
there to commit.

ADDING A PROJECT
================

1. Create the site. (Duh. ;) You should ideally copy the 'template'
subdirectory in this directory as a starting point; it has a basic
index.html that follows the style of gnome.org, some sample other
pages, etc.

2. Having created the website, create an appropriate Makefile.am for
each subdirectory, including the top-level one. There is an example
you can copy in template/Makefile.am. Make sure to:

  i. list any subdirectories under SUBDIRS. This list is just space
separated- 'SUBDIRS=foo bar baz' for multiple SUBDIRS.
  ii. edit 'urlpath' to be 'projects/yourprojectname/'
  iii. add all your files (pages and images) to page_SCRIPTS. DO NOT
put trailing spaces after the \s here, or add a \ after the last entry
in this list. Auto* is a fickle goddess.

3. svn add and svn commit your project directory to:

gnomeweb-wml/www.gnome.org/projects/

4. check out:
 
gnomeweb-wml/configure.in

and add your project's Makefile into AC_OUTPUT. Commit that.

5. check out:

gnomeweb-wml/www.gnome.org/projects/Makefile.am

and add your project to SUBDIRS

6. check out:

gnomeweb-wml/www.gnome.org/projects/index.html

and add your project to the HTML file.

7. Sit back, relax, have a beer, and reload the project page in 5-10
minutes. It should be up. If not, email gnome-web-list@gnome.org,
explain what you've done and what is wrong, and if you're bold, point
out to them that it is embarassing we don't have a CMS yet. :)
