<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<!--#set var="title" value="Evolution: IRC Meeting (2005-07-13)" -->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer" -->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml" -->

<html>
<head>
	<title>2005-07-13.txt</title>
	<meta name="generator" content="irclog2html.pl 2.1 by Jeff Waugh">
	<meta name="version" content="2.1 - 27th July, 2001">
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff"><tt>
<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jul 13 15:25:04 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:25:04 *Now talking on #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:25:27 *karthik (~karthik@203.129.195.132) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:25:40 *arun (~arun@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:26:06 *NotZed (~notzed@ppp170-161.lns1.per1.internode.on.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:26:30 *parag (~pp@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:26:53 harish_meetlets wait a couple of more minutes before we start</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:27:20 *srag_ has quit (Remote closed the connection)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:28:22 harish_meetok..lets begin ... Updates from my side..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:28:37 *sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:29:00 harish_meetEvolution 2.3.5.1 is ready.. as i speak to you, i am testing it out and will roll it out in another few minutes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:29:37 *rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:29:38 harish_meetwe are also set to start off our formal testing cycles from tomorrow - a complete end-to-end testing of evo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:30:24 *krish_ (~rkrishnan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:30:36 *varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:30:44 harish_meetwe are past the module /feature freeze and heading for the UI freeze in a couple of weeks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:31:10 harish_meetso expect a flurry of bugs and busy days ahead :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:31:15 harish_meetlets get around the room</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:31:21 harish_meetandre, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:31:25 *tml (~tml@MCCCLXXVI.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:31:38 andreNotZed, too many tests at the university currently. :-(   is there any chance to see somebody working on i18n issues/bug 236276 before string freeze takes place? (i know you all have much to do, sigh) :-/</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:31:49 andrehmm. "notzed" should have been "no".</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:31:55 andrei love autocompletion :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:31:58 *bandini (~Arturo@nat.xsec.it) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:32:28 *nags (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:32:41 *pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:32:45 harish_meetandre: i am recommending krish_ who is managing the evolution QA to shuffle his plans to accomodate string freeze deadlines</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:32:49 *srag_ (~sragavan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:32:58 harish_meetthanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:33:02 harish_meetarun, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:33:03 srag_sorry guys... just rebooted my machine.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:33:04 andrewould be graet, thanks :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:33:31 arunarun, yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:33:43 harish_meetbandini, just rolling out evo-2.3.5.1 that really builds ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:33:45 *shilpa_qa (~shilpa_qa@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:33:54 harish_meetchen: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:34:12 chenharish: fixing bugs, patch review, and the gw reccurrence patch is in</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:34:37 harish_meetcool..and i guess the bb is back on track</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:34:45 harish_meetkarthik, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:34:57 arunharish_meet, fixing bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:03 *nicel (~mnicel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:05 chenyes :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:16 harish_meetkrish_, nags : updates from QA ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:19 *shres (~sshreyas@59.92.130.173) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:36 nagsharish_meet: Hi</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:37 nagsExecuted menu reorganization test-cases</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:37 nagstestlink based testplan setup</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:37 nagsbug triaging</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:46 *shaheed (~shaheed@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:56 krish_krish_:  The initial plan for Evolution 2.4 Testing is ready </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:35:59 nagsalso setup one ubuntu box for evolution testing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:36:08 krish_harish_meet:   The initial plan for Evolution 2.4 Testing is ready </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:36:13 nagsneed to setup FC4 for evo testing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:36:31 harish_meetnags: the debian crash bug is just a set up issue, i guess.. a clean restart of bonobo should fix it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:36:33 krish_harish_meet:  We are starting our first cycle from tomorrow</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:36:33 nagsGetting Exchange setup ready with the help of surf</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:36:41 harish_meetkrish_, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:36:57 nagsharish_meet: also setting GW server setup with different POA</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:03 harish_meetNotZed, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:11 nagswith the help of Novell Bangalore IS&amp;T</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:14 *surfy (~surfy@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:16 harish_meetnags, which version would be it ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:24 nagsharish_meet: version of ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:28 harish_meetGW</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:32 *prav33n (~praveen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:48 nagsharish_meet: Latest build recommended by sankar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:51 harish_meetpnayak, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:37:54 nagson SLES</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:01 pnayakpnayak:Bug traiging, UWcalendar caldav server setup(not working with latest snapshot :)), installed caldav client</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:05 pnayaksorry</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:06 *sp (~shakti@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:14 sankarharish_meet: nags : They can install whatever build they have. we can later update the agents so that we are in sync</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:22 NotZedconverted the importers to eplugin</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:33 NotZedwasted time reviewing patches</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:36 pnayaktestetd delegation metting in GW</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:45 NotZedwasted time trying to improve imap startup</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:38:48 *shaheed has quit (Remote closed the connection)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:39:04 pnayaktestetd delegation meeting in GW</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:39:08 *haip (~haip@202.108.88.130) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:39:19 harish_meetNotZed, that time still adds value to the project :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:39:55 *prem (~prem@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:39:57 harish_meetsankar, nags: pl. ensure whatever build you deploy is not older than what dave_largo is planning to deploy</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:40:09 nagsharish_meet: okay</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:40:14 sankarharish_meet: Yeah we will see to that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:40:19 harish_meetthanks NotZed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:40:23 harish_meetprav33n, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:40:33 nagsharish_meet: prem is working on evolution automation using LDTP</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:40:48 harish_meetprem : welcome and a big hi from all of us</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:41:00 premharish_meet: Hi</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:41:14 prav33nharish_meet: Finished the Folder hierarchy support and delegation assistant for exchange as E-Plugins</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:41:31 harish_meetthanks prav33n. hey rodrigo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:41:35 prav33nAnd right now working on bug fixes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:41:36 rodrigohi</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:41:37 *incognito (~mubeenj@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:42:16 varadhanharish_meet, incognito (mubeen) is working on evolution-conduits.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:42:20 *harish_meet remembers to add rights to the new exchange hackers on bugzilla</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:42:29 premharish_meet:  i am working on evolution mailer automation using LDTP </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:42:43 rodrigoharish_meet: nothing from me :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:42:44 harish_meetah..great. incognito : welcome</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:42:59 harish_meetits nice to have you, nevertheless</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:43:06 premharish_meet: and planing to automate contacts,calendar,tasks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:43:07 harish_meetsankar, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:43:10 incognitoharish_meet: thx</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:43:10 sankarharish_meet: Committed code for the proxy feature. Filed a few known bugs and fixing them. Incorporating few code changes suggested out earlier.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:43:47 harish_meetthe proxy code review inputs need to get in asap..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:44:08 shresharish_meet: sure, we are doing it right away </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:44:09 sankarharish_meet: Yeah ... we are doing it in high priority</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:44:15 harish_meetthanks guys</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:44:22 surfyharish_meet, is there some problem in the e-p list ? looks like we arent getting any mails though they are present in the archives</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:44:29 harish_meetshilpa_qa, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:44:47 shilpa_qaexecuted the menu reorg test cases for mailer, gwise sanity test cases</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:44:48 *Mengjie (~Mengjie@202.108.88.130) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:44:55 harish_meetshres:?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:45:07 shilpa_qafiled about 9-10 bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:45:31 harish_meetshres: more work on MAC coming up.. waiting for some cool screenshots of 2.3.x on MAC :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:45:33 shreshey, got the proxy code in over the weekend, fixed a trivial camel doc issue, started looking into one mailer requirement for beagle and usual mac evolution head banging </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:45:45 harish_meetsp: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:45:51 spcompleted the Subscribe/Unsubscribe folder, committed it, worked on Folder Permission (basically removed the *option_menu and used combo box)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:46:01 harish_meetthanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:46:04 shresharish_meet: heh, fixed one bonobo issue filed patch upstream but "the story never ends"</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:46:05 harish_meetsrag_, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:46:18 spnow bug fixing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:46:33 srag_harish_meet, just sent the patch for attachment ui. Ill be taking up the code cleanup for the e-attachment* and </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:46:55 srag_harish_meet, some bugs that are reported by qa on the menu re-org</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:47:09 harish_meetright - we need to wrap up the ui changes before the freeze</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:47:33 harish_meetthanks, surfy: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:47:35 srag_sure  harish_meet .. some 25 bugs are reported by them</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:47:53 srag_ill be looking at things parallely.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:47:58 surfyintegrating exchange features and fixing some bugs from that. made the 2.3.5 release. and yes, now you dont see the Exchange button :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:17 *harish_meet is my hero</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:21 harish_meetoops..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:26 harish_meetsurfy is my hero</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:29 harish_meet:-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:33 srag_:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:34 harish_meetsush, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:35 shresha ha ha</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:36 surfyhehe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:46 sushfixed a few issues with addressbook..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:48:47 shresso much for self adulation </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:49:10 harish_meetafter the huge goof up yesterday ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:49:10 srag_yeah... :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:49:37 harish_meettml, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:49:46 tmlwasted some time on head banging over issues that turned out to be cross-platform problems after all. committed some build stuff. started testing mail reading once I got past the startup wizard again...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:50:12 harish_meeti saw your commits regarding spam plugin not usable on windows</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:50:20 tmlsome gtk+ work preparing for 2.8</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:50:37 tmlharish: yes, it's full on unix stuff</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:50:43 surfyharish_meet, is there some problem in the e-p list ? looks like we arent getting any mails though they are present in the archives</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:51:00 harish_meettml: vivek is the guy you need to give your inputs to</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:51:19 harish_meetsurfy: i heard about it in the morning. jess would look into it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:51:21 sushnot only e-p list..all the 3 evo lists</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:51:36 surfyok cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:51:41 tmlharish: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:52:02 harish_meetvaradhan: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:52:04 bandiniharish_meet, thanks :) (re new tarball)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:52:06 varadhanURI implementation for opening calendar-events and contacts in their respective editor. ECal# bindings to be commited. gnome-pilot and pilot-conduits bug traiging.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:52:10 vivekharish_meet, tml i suppose issue is the way spam assasin filters junk</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:52:55 vivekat least the way its written</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:52:55 harish_meetvaradhan, want some cool blog posts on beagle sniffing evo calendars , pl.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:53:15 harish_meetvivek, right.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:53:26 varadhanharish_meet, sure, once I commit my ECal# stuff into cvs. ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:53:26 harish_meetviren, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:53:34 virenharish_meet, patch to reduce the bonobo calls was comitted.fixed couple of bugs in calendar.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:53:37 tmlvivek: i don't even knnow what local spam filters are commonly used on win32 (i let my ISP handle it), but presumably not spamassassin? anyway the fork/pipe/exec stuff is much unix-specific</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:54:01 *surfy is now known as surf_away</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:54:14 vivektml, oh great then you can just disable it and have fun, let ISP do it :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:54:25 harish_meetviren, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:54:29 harish_meetvivek: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:54:34 vivekresolved all the issues and committed the remaining groupwise part of the junk mail handling stuff, its all done now,  worked upon some important bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:55:09 tmlvivek: my guess would be that local spam filters on windows boxes provide some api that the mail clients use? will look into that later</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:55:09 harish_meetgreat.. i guess the QA would keep us quite busy in the coming days..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:55:17 harish_meetanything else from anyone ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:55:19 vivektml, sure</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:55:48 tmlwhat's the rules for plugins linking to what libraries? apparently they shouldn't link to libevolution-mail?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:55:56 harish_meethey Mengjie.. anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:55:58 tmlwhat about libevolution-calendar, libeutil, etc?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:56:03 Mengjiehi harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:56:25 Mengjieharish: I just sent a patch to maillist</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:56:26 haipprem filed two e-tree related a11y bugs. YuanLi will provide a patch next week.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:57:00 harish_meettml: it is currently more a free-for-all :(. we do need to set explicit guidelines and stick to them</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:57:04 Mengjieharish: to fix some compile error for Sun's compiler</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:57:30 *sshreyas_ (~sshreyas@59.92.128.158) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:57:48 harish_meetMengjie, thanks.. actually.. i still use a very forgiving compiler..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:58:07 harish_meetgot a bunch of such patches on the bugzilla too </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:58:27 sshreyas_harish_meet: not to forget a forgiving linker :p</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:58:27 harish_meeti shall try my best to clean most of them..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:58:41 harish_meethaip, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:58:44 tmlsshreyas: indeed ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:59:22 harish_meetthat is it, then - for the day. thanks guys</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 13 15:59:27 harish_meetcatch you all next week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>J</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!
</tt></body></html>
<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->
