
**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Feb 23 09:27:36 2005

Feb 23 09:27:36 -->	You are now talking on #evolution-meet
Feb 23 09:27:36 ---	irc.acc.umu.se sets mode +n #evolution-meet
Feb 23 09:27:36 ---	irc.acc.umu.se sets mode +t #evolution-meet
Feb 23 09:44:24 -->	prla (~stephen@80.172.45.2) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 09:45:31 -->	nuno (~neqm@80.172.45.2) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 09:46:01 -->	cmeadors (~cmeadors@pool-141-154-114-19.bos.east.verizon.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 09:50:48 ---	You are now known as jpr
Feb 23 09:55:36 -->	mmoulderlt (~mmoulderl@192.94.118.227) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 09:57:15 -->	hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.194) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 09:58:45 -->	siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:00:46 -->	tml (user@MMDCV.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:00:51 -->	dhm_home (~david@h000f66e3c536.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:01:00 -->	christine (~christine@130.57.22.69) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:01:22 -->	smurfd (~smurfd@c-454970d5.010-6-76786a2.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:01:30 <smurfd>	hey
Feb 23 10:01:39 -->	gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.31) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:02:34 <jpr>	a couple more minutes and we'll start
Feb 23 10:02:42 -->	fejj (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:02:42 -->	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-45-85.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:02:47 <seb128>	hi
Feb 23 10:02:53 -->	rodo (~rodo@gprs144-205.eurotel.cz) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:02:56 -->	dobey (~dobey@h000625e6119c.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:03:01 <rodo>	hi all
Feb 23 10:03:21 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:03:23 <jpr>	lets rolls
Feb 23 10:03:26 <jpr>	roll even
Feb 23 10:03:43 -->	sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:03:51 <jpr>	2.1 development status
Feb 23 10:04:13 <jpr>	as you no, hard code freeze on monday
Feb 23 10:04:23 <jpr>	we need approval for 2.2.0 after that
Feb 23 10:04:39 -->	surf_home (~surf@219.65.143.154) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:04:46 <jpr>	at that time we'll tag the gnome-2-10 branch
Feb 23 10:05:05 <jpr>	and HEAD will become 2.2.1 on which bug fixing should begin immediately
Feb 23 10:05:33 <jpr>	2.2.1 will ship 2-3 weeks after 2.2.0
Feb 23 10:06:06 <jpr>	are there any bugs that aren't marked as showstoppers that really should be?
Feb 23 10:06:35 <jpr>	if any thinks of any
Feb 23 10:06:35 <dobey>	should the drag and drop to trash be a showstopper?
Feb 23 10:06:38 <jpr>	bump them up
Feb 23 10:06:43 <jpr>	dobey: what number is that?
Feb 23 10:06:52 <dobey>	don't know, i'll have to find it
Feb 23 10:06:55 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:07:05 <jpr>	it doesn't sound like it
Feb 23 10:07:06 <fejj>	well, I'd say not
Feb 23 10:07:09 <jpr>	unless its a regression
Feb 23 10:07:11 <fejj>	because it isn't a regression
Feb 23 10:07:15 -->	Linho (~Linho@80.172.45.2) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:07:16 <dobey>	it is a regression
Feb 23 10:07:20 <dobey>	1.4 lets you drag to trash
Feb 23 10:07:29 <jpr>	and does 2.0?
Feb 23 10:07:40 <dobey>	no, 2.0 doesn't
Feb 23 10:07:54 <jpr>	still not a showstopper then
Feb 23 10:08:10 <jpr>	moving on
Feb 23 10:08:18 <jpr>	reminder we are in patch review mode
Feb 23 10:08:37 <jpr>	and all that involves
Feb 23 10:08:40 <jpr>	finally
Feb 23 10:08:47 <jpr>	2.0.4 went out
Feb 23 10:09:10 <jpr>	that will be the last release in that series unless something truly critical shows up
Feb 23 10:09:21 <jpr>	like "it eats all my mail"
Feb 23 10:09:23 <jpr>	or something
Feb 23 10:09:41 <jpr>	status reports
Feb 23 10:09:49 <jpr>	dobey: go
Feb 23 10:10:15 <dobey>	all my patches are in now, working on getting the list of UI items for 2.3/2.4 together
Feb 23 10:10:42 <dobey>	will probably make some patches for a few of them today, and look at new calendar widget possibilities
Feb 23 10:10:44 <jpr>	dobey: are all 2.1 product design/ui design change bugs punted now?
Feb 23 10:10:54 <dobey>	almost
Feb 23 10:11:13 <jpr>	i take it you'll work through the rest of the list?
Feb 23 10:11:16 <dobey>	there are a couple that i don't believe pd needs to give input for
Feb 23 10:11:17 <dobey>	yeah
Feb 23 10:11:40 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:11:44 <jpr>	fejj: ?
Feb 23 10:12:09 <fejj>	mostly reviewed notzed patches and looked at a few small issues
Feb 23 10:12:52 <fejj>	looking at charset stuff for displayed messages in the preview pane now
Feb 23 10:13:07 <fejj>	apparently we don't override the subject charset but we do for the others
Feb 23 10:13:25 <fejj>	so should have a patch for that today
Feb 23 10:13:32 <jpr>	is this cantona's 7bit issue?
Feb 23 10:13:36 <fejj>	no
Feb 23 10:13:52 <jpr>	what about the thunderbird work around for parsing broken OE6 encoded words?
Feb 23 10:14:17 <fejj>	http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=62109
Feb 23 10:14:28 <fejj>	I thought we were waiting until 2.3 for that
Feb 23 10:14:49 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:15:07 <jpr>	hpj: status?
Feb 23 10:15:08 <fejj>	if not, I can cook up a patch :)
Feb 23 10:15:19 <hpj>	let's see
Feb 23 10:15:35 <jpr>	fejj: well, it would be interesting to see how big it is i guess
Feb 23 10:15:42 <fejj>	ok
Feb 23 10:15:45 <hpj>	i posted the patch for e-passwords move
Feb 23 10:15:47 <fejj>	I can do that today too
Feb 23 10:15:47 <jpr>	its hard for me personally to judge the riskiness though
Feb 23 10:15:55 <jpr>	i leave that to you and notzed
Feb 23 10:16:04 <hpj>	it still needs a few more approvals
Feb 23 10:16:07 <jpr>	hpj: from?
Feb 23 10:16:27 <fejj>	ok
Feb 23 10:16:30 <hpj>	jpr: you on a few minor things (e-util and something else, i forget)
Feb 23 10:16:35 <hpj>	jpr: and someone on libedataserverui
Feb 23 10:16:48 <jpr>	hmm
Feb 23 10:16:57 <jpr>	ownership isn't really clear on libedataserver/ui
Feb 23 10:17:14 <hpj>	i'm also halfway through a full rebuild on OS X
Feb 23 10:17:20 <hpj>	that's true
Feb 23 10:17:36 <hpj>	maybe we need a list of owners for everything
Feb 23 10:17:44 <siva>	hpj, i look at e-auth-util too
Feb 23 10:17:47 <jpr>	i don't want to get too detailed
Feb 23 10:17:47 <siva>	it looks good
Feb 23 10:17:57 <jpr>	if you are an e-d-s maintainer
Feb 23 10:17:57 <siva>	probably my response did not indicate
Feb 23 10:18:04 <hpj>	i've been talking with the Fink maintainers
Feb 23 10:18:05 <jpr>	you can approve for those bits
Feb 23 10:18:19 <hpj>	and they think evolution 2.2 in unstable will take a few weeks to happen
Feb 23 10:18:50 <hpj>	so i'm going for the "binaries tarball" solution in the meantime, and indeed until evolution 2.2 can go into stable, which may require on the order of months
Feb 23 10:19:20 <hpj>	it might even be possible to make a real OS X installer
Feb 23 10:19:32 <hpj>	and put icons in the right places, etc.
Feb 23 10:19:36 <hpj>	that's what i want to do ideally
Feb 23 10:19:42 <hpj>	ok, that was last week
Feb 23 10:20:26 <hpj>	the rest of this week i'll be working on the limits API that we discussed, that other shortcoming of e-name-selector that slips my mind right now
Feb 23 10:20:32 <hpj>	and continuing the OS X build
Feb 23 10:20:37 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:20:53 <jpr>	rodo: status?
Feb 23 10:21:30 <rodo>	bugfixing (few crashes, rendering), reviewing of sun a11y patches
Feb 23 10:21:41 <jpr>	how is RTL looking?
Feb 23 10:22:12 <rodo>	wroked also on rtl keymap/widget direction, not ready yet, but hope to have it ready before monday
Feb 23 10:22:35 <rodo>	rtl is usable from what I heard
Feb 23 10:23:20 <jpr>	cool
Feb 23 10:23:24 <jpr>	siva: status?
Feb 23 10:23:35 <rodo>	so I will finish the direction thing and continue bugfixing for next week
Feb 23 10:23:39 <siva>	jpr, bug fixing we are left with 6 more major ones , some of them can be looked at only after 2.2 (like contact list server support for ldap etc)
Feb 23 10:24:22 <jpr>	siva: so there are some we should be punting?
Feb 23 10:24:36 <jpr>	contact lists on ldap is not a regression right?
Feb 23 10:24:50 <siva>	jpr, no, we can look them in 2.2.x 
Feb 23 10:25:11 <jpr>	it sounds like some major coding
Feb 23 10:25:17 <jpr>	what about the vcard 2.0/3.0 compatibility bugs that remain?
Feb 23 10:25:44 <siva>	jpr, they are mostlly done http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=40756
Feb 23 10:25:48 <siva>	that one is remaining
Feb 23 10:25:51 <siva>	which is blanket bug
Feb 23 10:25:55 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:26:02 <siva>	but one of the dependent bugs has nothing to do with 3.0
Feb 23 10:26:13 <siva>	it just talks about some addtional fields in contact eidtor
Feb 23 10:26:16 <jpr>	siva: are we sure about the contact lists on the ldap server?
Feb 23 10:26:21 <jpr>	its a very old bug
Feb 23 10:26:30 <jpr>	it sounds like a lot of work
Feb 23 10:27:00 <siva>	jpr, hmm let me look at to see what needs to be done
Feb 23 10:27:08 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:27:16 <jpr>	mmoulderlt: status?
Feb 23 10:27:34 <mmoulderlt>	I am writing, currently have a lot of stability issues
Feb 23 10:27:43 <jpr>	in what sense?
Feb 23 10:27:48 <jpr>	the client is crashing?
Feb 23 10:27:50 <mmoulderlt>	I installed an update yesterday afternoon and it broke my groupwise accounts
Feb 23 10:27:53 <mmoulderlt>	yep
Feb 23 10:27:58 <jpr>	hmm
Feb 23 10:28:06 <mmoulderlt>	now I cant even access them, just hangs at loading
Feb 23 10:28:11 <jpr>	did you file a bug?
Feb 23 10:28:13 <mmoulderlt>	went all night doing that
Feb 23 10:28:27 <mmoulderlt>	Yeah I did
Feb 23 10:28:44 <mmoulderlt>	I have filed several and it doesn't appear they are getting looked at too much
Feb 23 10:28:45 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:28:49 <jpr>	number?
Feb 23 10:28:56 <mmoulderlt>	let me check
Feb 23 10:28:58 <jpr>	i'll see if it can get looked at soon
Feb 23 10:29:03 <jpr>	surf_home: status?
Feb 23 10:29:12 <surf_home>	jpr: bug fixing for folder size and offline .. looking to closing in on the offline bugs
Feb 23 10:29:15 <mmoulderlt>	72869
Feb 23 10:29:19 <mmoulderlt>	was the last one
Feb 23 10:29:32 <jpr>	sush: status?
Feb 23 10:29:48 <sush>	fixed some exchange bugs
Feb 23 10:30:00 <jpr>	did that community patch related to domain auth get looked at?
Feb 23 10:30:14 <sush>	will be sending some more to lists today or tomorrow
Feb 23 10:30:18 <surf_home>	jpr: yeah .. i dont thnk it is correct
Feb 23 10:30:28 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:30:29 <surf_home>	jpr: i have asked for more info
Feb 23 10:30:36 <siva>	mmoulderlt, please keep groupwise keyword for groupwise bugs 
Feb 23 10:30:39 <jpr>	tml: status?
Feb 23 10:30:55 <siva>	mmoulderlt, we need a better stack trace for that one to do anything about that
Feb 23 10:30:56 <tml>	right. been working on libbonobo, and then gconf. also had to go back to fix a couple of more problems in orbit2. had to do an own port of  popt with a hack to avoid problems with importing variables from a dll.
Feb 23 10:31:28 <tml>	started putting the packages that have been ported on the sourceforge site
Feb 23 10:31:52 <jpr>	putting them there how?
Feb 23 10:31:57 <tml>	yep
Feb 23 10:32:06 <jpr>	listing them or tarballs?
Feb 23 10:32:16 <tml>	zipfiles actually
Feb 23 10:32:21 <jpr>	hehe
Feb 23 10:32:22 <jpr>	of course
Feb 23 10:32:30 <jpr>	is the dbus work tidied up now?
Feb 23 10:32:50 <tml>	mostly yes. need to once again keep up with the changes underneath though...
Feb 23 10:33:06 <jpr>	the arch seems to shift rapidly there
Feb 23 10:33:19 <tml>	yes, it's kinda moving target
Feb 23 10:33:50 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:34:10 <jpr>	gekker: anything for us?
Feb 23 10:34:20 <gekker>	no
Feb 23 10:34:42 <jpr>	seb128, dhm_home: anything for us?
Feb 23 10:34:52 <dhm_home>	(i) Been hacking on porting the addressbook and calendar printing code to use Pango for font handling and rendering, which fixes various i18n issues: cleaned up patches for 69430 (addressbook i18n printing) and 72668 (calendar i18n printing) posted to evolution-patches, and I'm working on a patch for 72815 (ETable i18n printing); have been testing succesfully with japanese and tamil scripts; introduces a requirement on libgnome
Feb 23 10:34:52 <dhm_home>	print >= 2.7.0; succesfully emulates existing bugs in old implementation; may have subtle differences in font selection logic but it works.
Feb 23 10:34:58 <dhm_home>	(ii) Working on pushing the various 2.0.4 packages as a update for FC3
Feb 23 10:35:08 <seb128>	jpr: not really, that's getting well with the current versions :)
Feb 23 10:35:40 <jpr>	dhm_home: you are expecting the printing patches upstream in 2.3 not 2.1/2.2 right?
Feb 23 10:35:57 <jpr>	hpj, siva: have the addressbook bits been looked at at all?
Feb 23 10:36:05 <dobey>	i think the libgnomeprint >= 2.7 requirement is fine for 2.2
Feb 23 10:36:10 <jpr>	ditto
Feb 23 10:36:13 <dobey>	iirc, gtkhtml already requires it
Feb 23 10:36:20 <jpr>	i'm talking risk here though
Feb 23 10:36:20 <siva>	jpr, no not yet 
Feb 23 10:36:32 <dhm_home>	jpr: ideally ASAP but if you want to mimimise risk then ok
Feb 23 10:36:40 <dobey>	sure, just wanted to clarify that the dependency wasn't part of the risk :)
Feb 23 10:36:52 <dhm_home>	I plan to add the patches into the Fedora rawhide updates
Feb 23 10:36:55 <rodo>	I think it will be better to include them in 2.1
Feb 23 10:36:59 <dhm_home>	so hopefully get a lot of testing there
Feb 23 10:37:21 <jpr>	dhm_home: is there a list of issues this fixes?
Feb 23 10:37:52 <rodo>	old gnome print code is not very good and it will give printing to many users who cannot use it till now
Feb 23 10:37:57 <dhm_home>	http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=69430
Feb 23 10:38:09 <dhm_home>	http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=72668
Feb 23 10:38:14 <dhm_home>	tp://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=72815
Feb 23 10:38:18 <dhm_home>	But basically...
Feb 23 10:38:32 <rodo>	I think there are generally problems with all non-latin languages
Feb 23 10:38:48 <dhm_home>	in many scripts, when you print the text only appears as hollow boxes i.e. it's uselessw
Feb 23 10:39:16 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:39:41 <jpr>	the module maintainers can decide
Feb 23 10:39:59 <dhm_home>	cool
Feb 23 10:40:08 <jpr>	cmeadors: anything?
Feb 23 10:40:17 <cmeadors>	cmeadors: nope
Feb 23 10:40:34 <rodo>	dhm_home: I recommend to Cc module maintainers when you post to e-p list
Feb 23 10:40:44 <dhm_home>	rodo: good point, thanks
Feb 23 10:40:51 <jpr>	christine: ?
Feb 23 10:41:25 <jpr>	anyone else?
Feb 23 10:41:26 <christine>	jpr: just catching up from being out and lwe last week. hope to get you the 2.4 stuff by eow (i'll be in and out of work this week)
Feb 23 10:41:33 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:41:59 <jpr>	christine: lets start that on e-h
Feb 23 10:42:06 <christine>	jpr: ok
Feb 23 10:42:12 <jpr>	any other business?
Feb 23 10:42:16 <jpr>	oh
Feb 23 10:42:18 <jpr>	my status
Feb 23 10:42:19 <dobey>	christine and jpr: i have a mail on my laptop which i apparently forgot to send last night, but will send as soon as i get to the office today, about 2.3/2.4 UI bits
Feb 23 10:42:26 <jpr>	dobey: ok
Feb 23 10:42:31 <christine>	dobey: thats great
Feb 23 10:42:34 <jpr>	restoring the startup wizard
Feb 23 10:42:49 <jpr>	fixed a bunch of meeting autocompletion issues
Feb 23 10:43:12 <jpr>	(easy with no bonobo there)
Feb 23 10:43:21 <jpr>	(6bugs in about 50 lines of code)
Feb 23 10:43:37 <jpr>	some miscellaneous fixes coming
Feb 23 10:43:59 <jpr>	anything else
Feb 23 10:44:00 <jpr>	?
Feb 23 10:45:08 <--	nuno has quit (Client exiting)
Feb 23 10:45:12 <--	cmeadors (~cmeadors@pool-141-154-114-19.bos.east.verizon.net) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:45:17 <jpr>	ok
Feb 23 10:45:20 <jpr>	thanks everyone
Feb 23 10:45:27 <siva>	bye 
Feb 23 10:45:33 <--	siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:45:38 <surf_home>	bye
Feb 23 10:45:38 <--	mmoulderlt has quit (Leaving)
Feb 23 10:45:40 <--	christine (~christine@130.57.22.69) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:45:43 <dhm_home>	bye
Feb 23 10:45:46 <--	dhm_home (~david@h000f66e3c536.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:45:51 <smurfd>	later
Feb 23 10:45:53 <--	surf_home (~surf@219.65.143.154) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:45:54 <--	sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:45:57 <--	smurfd (~smurfd@c-454970d5.010-6-76786a2.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:46:12 <rodo>	see you
Feb 23 10:46:15 <--	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-45-85.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:46:15 <--	rodo (~rodo@gprs144-205.eurotel.cz) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:46:37 <--	dobey (~dobey@h000625e6119c.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:47:03 <tml>	bye
Feb 23 10:47:42 <--	hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.194) has left #evolution-meet
Feb 23 10:48:59 <--	gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.31) has left #evolution-meet
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Feb 23 10:50:21 2005

