**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Mar 16 08:53:03 2005

Mar 16 08:53:03 -->     You are now talking on #evolution-meet
Mar 16 08:53:03 ---     ircd.gimp.org sets mode +n #evolution-meet
Mar 16 08:53:03 ---     ircd.gimp.org sets mode +t #evolution-meet
Mar 16 09:53:53 -->     hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.207) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 09:54:11 <hpj>   ah, still time to put on the coffee :)
Mar 16 09:54:33 <jpr>   hah
Mar 16 09:56:53 -->     tml (~tml@MMCXXXVIII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 09:57:13 -->     andre (~y0020796@rzlx0010.rz.tu-bs.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 09:59:27 <jpr>   morning guys
Mar 16 09:59:35 -->     guenther (~guenther@IP-213188108046.dialin.heagmedianet.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 09:59:47 -->     dobey (~dobey@130.57.22.69) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:00:38 -->     rodo (~rodo@gprs130-82.eurotel.cz) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:00:42 <rodo>  hi all
Mar 16 10:00:59 ---     guenther is now known as guenther|afk
Mar 16 10:01:05 -->     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:01:23 -->     siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:02:47 -->     gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.19) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:03:45 ---     guenther|afk is now known as guenther
Mar 16 10:04:50 <pvanhoof>      We should create an ics on some website with meeting schedules and alarm notifications :)
Mar 16 10:06:50 <jpr>   just waiting on a couple more people
Mar 16 10:06:53 <jpr>   then we'll get going
Mar 16 10:07:04 ---     siva is now known as siva_brb
Mar 16 10:07:47 -->     bowes (~bowes@blk-137-127-26.eastlink.ca) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:09:05 <bowes> is there an agenda posted anywhere for today?
Mar 16 10:09:14 -->     chen (~chen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:09:34 <jpr>   bowes: e-h
Mar 16 10:10:10 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:10:12 <jpr>   here we go
Mar 16 10:10:23 <jpr>   2.2.x development status
Mar 16 10:10:44 <jpr>   i have 2.2.1 tarballs locally that i will push out today
Mar 16 10:10:59 <jpr>   assuming gekker and guenther find no issues when test building
Mar 16 10:11:07 -->     harish_meet (~linux123@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:11:09 <jpr>   fixes around 40+ bugs
Mar 16 10:11:12 *       guenther nods
Mar 16 10:11:38 <jpr>   as noted in the email i sent earlier this week
Mar 16 10:12:02 <jpr>   all 2.2.x work is now in gnome-2-10 branch on cvs
Mar 16 10:12:17 <gekker>        i had to add a #include to a file in the groupwise camel provider to fix some warnings that autobuild doesn't like, but other than that it all built fine
Mar 16 10:12:26 -->     dhm (~dmalcolm@nat-pool-bos.redhat.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:12:29 <jpr>   gekker: ah, send that on
Mar 16 10:12:33 <jpr>   the main line is now basically for 2.2.x
Mar 16 10:12:37 <jpr>   err
Mar 16 10:12:41 <jpr>   2.3/2.4 work
Mar 16 10:12:48 <jpr>   but the versioning is not yet updated
Mar 16 10:12:53 <jpr>   that will happen later this week
Mar 16 10:13:10 ---     siva_brb is now known as siva
Mar 16 10:13:12 <jpr>   please commit approved 2.2.x patchs to gnome-2-10 and to the mainline
Mar 16 10:13:30 <jpr>   other than that see the email for what currently can go into head
Mar 16 10:13:35 <jpr>   without my approval
Mar 16 10:13:43 <jpr>   the limitations will be lifted shortly
Mar 16 10:13:50 <jpr>   reminder
Mar 16 10:14:05 <jpr>   string and UI freeze is still in effect for gnome-2-10 branch
Mar 16 10:14:14 <jpr>   so please grep for "_(" in your patches
Mar 16 10:14:39 <jpr>   reminder to to review http://go-evolution.org/Evo2.4
Mar 16 10:14:43 <jpr>   and add your comments
Mar 16 10:15:02 <jpr>   got a bit back logged so i haven't made that public yet
Mar 16 10:15:21 <jpr>   any questions on any of the above?
Mar 16 10:15:40 <andre> yepp: only *add* comments or am i allowed to edit the text (e.g. the listing of bugs)?
Mar 16 10:15:55 <andre> to go-evolution.org i mean
Mar 16 10:16:10 <pvanhoof>      I added a 'patch' in the 'Additional information" column of the   "Multiple alarms" section. perhaps the tables need a "patch" column 
Mar 16 10:16:10 <jpr>   andre: like you did before? ie "see the following relevant bugs"?
Mar 16 10:16:21 <jpr>   well
Mar 16 10:16:35 <jpr>   we don't want the wiki to track the work flow
Mar 16 10:16:40 <jpr>   we have bugzilla for that
Mar 16 10:16:49 <andre> e.g. i'd very much change the list of menu positioning bugs in the wiki
Mar 16 10:17:09 <jpr>   andre: i would say add a comment containing the additions
Mar 16 10:17:17 <andre> ok, that's good
Mar 16 10:17:19 <jpr>   trying to avoid the wiki as being
Mar 16 10:17:31 <jpr>   too much of "we should fix bugs x, y, z"
Mar 16 10:17:38 <andre> yeah
Mar 16 10:17:48 <jpr>   just trying to generate some over all goals for 2.4
Mar 16 10:17:56 <jpr>   and have tasks/bugs fall out of that
Mar 16 10:18:06 <jpr>   anything else on that?
Mar 16 10:18:19 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:18:21 <jpr>   status
Mar 16 10:18:25 <jpr>   andre: anything for us?
Mar 16 10:18:43 <andre> no, just that only question
Mar 16 10:18:50 <andre> i have already asked
Mar 16 10:19:27 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:19:30 <jpr>   bowes: anything?
Mar 16 10:19:30 ---     chen is now known as chen_brb
Mar 16 10:19:50 *       dhm wonders if the wiki will become "public" once the log from this meeting goes online
Mar 16 10:20:07 <jpr>   dhm: i don't mind people who care enough to read the minutes looking :-)
Mar 16 10:20:08 <bowes> nothing new, but I'd like to start planning calendar backend stuff. so that evo 2.4 can do more than just CalDAV
Mar 16 10:20:27 <jpr>   bowes: webdav you mean?
Mar 16 10:20:47 <jpr>   gicmo is looking into a caldav backend
Mar 16 10:20:48 <bowes> no, caldav
Mar 16 10:20:52 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:21:07 <bowes> but yes, we should be able to handle anything. 
Mar 16 10:21:09 <jpr>   you might want to talk to gicmo
Mar 16 10:21:12 <bowes> will do
Mar 16 10:21:13 <jpr>   well
Mar 16 10:21:22 <jpr>   we should make it easier to write backends
Mar 16 10:21:41 <jpr>   that are just read/writes of an entire calendar
Mar 16 10:21:57 <jpr>   ie file, webdav, gnome-vfs of any type
Mar 16 10:21:58 <jpr>   etc
Mar 16 10:22:06 <hpj>   note: try to avoid backends calling methods in each other
Mar 16 10:22:11 <jpr>   hehe
Mar 16 10:22:14 <hpj>   there are some places where that's still happening
Mar 16 10:22:21 <jpr>   yah
Mar 16 10:22:25 <jpr>   that doesn't need to any more
Mar 16 10:22:29 <jpr>   with the caching stuff
Mar 16 10:22:36 <hpj>   mm
Mar 16 10:22:49 <hpj>   i solved it temporarily on osx by linking those functions statically
Mar 16 10:22:54 <jpr>   dhm: anything for us?
Mar 16 10:23:15 <dhm>   nothing new
Mar 16 10:23:30 <jpr>   dhm: we can get your printing patches looked at now
Mar 16 10:23:31 <jpr>   for head
Mar 16 10:23:36 <dhm>   cool
Mar 16 10:23:56 <jpr>   dhm: 2.2.1 just allows dbus 0.23.4 and below for new-mail-notify
Mar 16 10:24:01 <dhm>   there'll be another one for gal for the table view
Mar 16 10:24:02 <jpr>   but you can patch that in your build
Mar 16 10:24:06 <dhm>   yes
Mar 16 10:24:26 <dhm>   so it's a "plesse let me do this, I know what I'm doing" kind of thing
Mar 16 10:24:35 <dhm>   if you want to use a later DBus
Mar 16 10:24:41 <jpr>   yah
Mar 16 10:24:50 <jpr>   until we figure what else to do
Mar 16 10:24:57 *       dhm wonders if that is going to be a pain for jhbuild
Mar 16 10:25:05 <dhm>   oh well
Mar 16 10:25:06 <jpr>   (i'm still willing to take a non-"yuck" patch)
Mar 16 10:25:10 <dhm>   :-P
Mar 16 10:25:20 <jpr>   :-)
Mar 16 10:25:24 <jpr>   dobey: status?
Mar 16 10:25:37 <dobey> i've been kicking ass for product design still :)
Mar 16 10:25:59 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:26:03 <dobey> should be able to look at the multi-alarm stuff from pvanhoof a little more today
Mar 16 10:26:04 <jpr>   evo related at all?
Mar 16 10:26:19 <jpr>   ok cool
Mar 16 10:26:31 <dobey> no, suse 9.3 stuff mostly
Mar 16 10:26:31 <dhm>   consolidation of multiple alarms in evolution-alarm-notify IIRC
Mar 16 10:26:32 <pvanhoof>      for that the others can take a look at this screenshot: http://www.freax.be/files/alarm-notify-mockup-three.png
Mar 16 10:26:42 <jpr>   dobey: any evo related mockups?
Mar 16 10:26:49 <jpr>   or user testing plans?
Mar 16 10:27:24 <pvanhoof>      dobey, I've noticed today that the snooze and edit buttons are always working.. so it's possible I'll send a fix for that lateron
Mar 16 10:27:28 <dobey> not really, just the mockup i made for the multi-alarm dialog from pvanhoof on monday
Mar 16 10:27:30 <pvanhoof>      s/are/aren't
Mar 16 10:27:50 <jpr>   dobey: ok, eta on any of that?
Mar 16 10:28:11 <jpr>   gekker: anything for us?
Mar 16 10:28:28 <dobey> not other than "as soon as i can get to it", no
Mar 16 10:28:33 <gekker>        not today, thanks for a sweet release
Mar 16 10:28:48 <jpr>   if a little late in the day :-)
Mar 16 10:28:53 <jpr>   guenther: anything for us?
Mar 16 10:28:58 <guenther>      Well, I hate to promise me being back to the lists yet again...
Mar 16 10:29:02 <jpr>   hehe
Mar 16 10:29:05 <guenther>      But I really hope to, soon. I'm already back to IRC and testing builds, at least. :)
Mar 16 10:29:15 <guenther>      oh, and meetings of course
Mar 16 10:29:16 <jpr>   harish_meet: status?
Mar 16 10:30:21 <jpr>   hpj: status?
Mar 16 10:30:30 <hpj>   ok
Mar 16 10:30:37 <harish_meet>   jpr: gw recurrence work, patch reviews and some defect fixes on mailer/calendar
Mar 16 10:30:44 <hpj>   done: moved the e-password strings to e-d-s, fixed cut/copy/paste in composer entries
Mar 16 10:31:21 <jpr>   hpj: ok, and moving on to authentication repeating issues?
Mar 16 10:31:24 <hpj>   looked at the limits patch ABI breakage ... how about I move the flags field to the bottom of the struct? i don't think anyone's subclassing them yet
Mar 16 10:31:42 <hpj>   so struct size shouldn't be a problem
Mar 16 10:31:48 <jpr>   most annoying when a contacts server is down
Mar 16 10:32:04 <rodo>  hpj: you may close http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=71535 then
Mar 16 10:32:07 <jpr>   hpj: what class is that again?
Mar 16 10:32:12 <hpj>   right, i'm moving on to fixing authentication dialog hell :)
Mar 16 10:32:14 ---     chen_brb is now known as chen
Mar 16 10:32:46 <jpr>   pvanhoof: anything for us?
Mar 16 10:32:49 <pvanhoof>      1) During hacking up that multi-alarm-notification stuff, I've noticed some non-static gchars being g_strdup()-created and then assigned to a label, but not being freed. It might be possible that there's other locations where it happened. Afaik such strings can be freed right after setting the label, no? 2) I have the i8n fixes for the save-calendar plugin pending, but some here already know that. 3) Of course, the multi-alarm-notifica
Mar 16 10:32:49 <pvanhoof>      tion. But I've just read that dobey is going to take a look at this today.
Mar 16 10:32:51 <hpj>   jpr: EDestinationStore and ENameSelectorModel
Mar 16 10:32:54 <pvanhoof>      :p
Mar 16 10:33:42 <pvanhoof>      it where the labels for the end and the start in that alarm-notification dialog
Mar 16 10:33:57 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:34:11 <jpr>   pvanhoof: maybe valgrind it to confirm the leak?
Mar 16 10:34:27 <jpr>   but sounds leakish
Mar 16 10:34:47 <jpr>   rodo: status?
Mar 16 10:34:47 <pvanhoof>      I looked at the function that created the tring, it was a simple g_strdup_printf (so it should be freed at some point). 
Mar 16 10:34:58 <rodo>  bugfixing, 3.6.1 release
Mar 16 10:35:01 <hpj>   pvanhoof: sounds like a plain old leak
Mar 16 10:35:09 <rodo>  cleaned lot of 2.1 bugs
Mar 16 10:35:20 -->     fejj_work (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:35:25 <jpr>   rodo: should we patch 9.3 for the text size issue?
Mar 16 10:35:27 ---     fejj_work is now known as fejj
Mar 16 10:35:42 <rodo>  one or two which were not regression rescheduled to 2.3
Mar 16 10:35:58 <pvanhoof>      well, it's of course fixed in my patch that makes the dialog multi-alarm aware
Mar 16 10:36:01 <rodo>  jpr: we might, the patch is pretty simple
Mar 16 10:36:25 <rodo>  jpr: is 2.2.1 what's going to be in 9.3?
Mar 16 10:36:44 <jpr>   yes
Mar 16 10:36:51 <jpr>   siva: status?
Mar 16 10:36:56 <siva>  jpr, misc groupwise, exchange bug fixing 
Mar 16 10:37:29 <jpr>   tml: status?
Mar 16 10:38:16 <jpr>   fejj: status?
Mar 16 10:38:27 <fejj>  bug fixing for connector is pretty much it
Mar 16 10:38:47 <jpr>   fejj: ok, surf made a couple tweaks to your patch
Mar 16 10:38:58 <jpr>   fejj: you might want to update and confirm everything is still ok
Mar 16 10:38:59 <pvanhoof>      ah and thanks for the people doing the exchange-connector. I finally got it working with our company owa :)
Mar 16 10:39:05 <--     tml has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Mar 16 10:39:10 <fejj>  ok
Mar 16 10:39:39 <jpr>   if anyone else has additional major and above fixes that should be considered for 9.3
Mar 16 10:39:41 <jpr>   let me know
Mar 16 10:40:03 <gekker>        we have until friday morning for 9.3 fixes
Mar 16 10:40:09 <jpr>   right
Mar 16 10:40:25 <jpr>   gekker: 8am EST?
Mar 16 10:40:37 <chen>  jpr, status, bug fixing for groupwise calendar and worked on some bugs in general calendar
Mar 16 10:40:45 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:41:01 <gekker>        well they have to be submitted by noon, so the sooner i get them the better the chance that i'll ge them in
Mar 16 10:41:07 <jpr>   right
Mar 16 10:41:11 <jpr>   because we'll need approval
Mar 16 10:41:45 <jpr>   anyone have anything else?
Mar 16 10:42:10 <jpr>   oh
Mar 16 10:42:12 <jpr>   bugzilla move
Mar 16 10:42:18 <jpr>   that process has restarted
Mar 16 10:42:30 <jpr>   hopefully within a couple of weeks we'll be on ftp.g.o
Mar 16 10:42:32 <jpr>   err
Mar 16 10:42:34 <jpr>   b.g.o :-)
Mar 16 10:42:38 <fejj>  heh
Mar 16 10:42:51 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:42:53 -->     tml (~tml@MMCXXXVII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:42:59 <jpr>   ah, in the nick of time
Mar 16 10:43:01 <jpr>   tml: status?
Mar 16 10:43:08 <tml>   sorry, connection hickup
Mar 16 10:43:31 <tml>   still hacking furiously on gtkplug/socket
Mar 16 10:44:11 <jpr>   hows that progressing?
Mar 16 10:44:21 <tml>   need for various bugfixes in gdk/win32 noticed while working on plug/socket 
Mar 16 10:44:49 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:45:03 <jpr>   patchs being well received for gdk?
Mar 16 10:45:05 <tml>   well, testsocket works, more or less, but the enter/leave event generation in the embeded buttons don't fire
Mar 16 10:45:09 <pvanhoof>      dobey, I have a new patch ready for the alarm stuff. going to post it in a few minutes
Mar 16 10:45:30 <dobey> ok
Mar 16 10:46:47 <jpr>   tml: ok
Mar 16 10:46:51 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:46:56 <jpr>   thanks everyone
Mar 16 10:47:00 <jpr>   see you next week
Mar 16 10:47:12 <tml>   as for committing my changes to the gtk side, waiting for owen's approval on the suggesed source file splitups
Mar 16 10:47:23 <jpr>   ok
Mar 16 10:48:51 ---     chen is now known as chen_afk
Mar 16 10:48:59 <hpj>   later everyone
Mar 16 10:49:03 <--     hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.207) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:49:13 <--     fejj (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:49:19 <--     andre has quit (later...)
Mar 16 10:49:26 <--     dobey (~dobey@130.57.22.69) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:49:27 <--     dhm (~dmalcolm@nat-pool-bos.redhat.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:51:45 <--     bowes (~bowes@blk-137-127-26.eastlink.ca) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:51:46 <--     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:52:07 <--     guenther (~guenther@IP-213188108046.dialin.heagmedianet.de) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 10:52:23 <--     gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.19) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 11:13:44 <--     rodo has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Mar 16 11:15:02 ---     harish_meet is now known as harish
Mar 16 11:25:12 ---     harish is now known as harish_home
Mar 16 11:32:45 <--     tml (~tml@MMCXXXVII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 16 12:04:03 <--     siva has quit (Leaving)
Mar 16 12:30:31 ---     You are now known as jpr_food
Mar 16 13:03:37 ---     You are now known as jpr
Mar 16 17:33:16 ---     You are now known as jpr_away
Mar 16 20:34:28 ---     You are now known as jpr
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Mar 16 20:35:12 2005
