<!--#set var="title" value="Evolution: IRC Meeting (2005-03-16)" -->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer" -->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml" -->

<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Mar 16 08:53:03 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 08:53:03 --&gt;     You are now talking on #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 08:53:03 ---     ircd.gimp.org sets mode +n #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 08:53:03 ---     ircd.gimp.org sets mode +t #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 09:53:53 --&gt;     hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.207) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 09:54:11 &lt;hpj&gt;   ah, still time to put on the coffee :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 09:54:33 &lt;jpr&gt;   hah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 09:56:53 --&gt;     tml (~tml@MMCXXXVIII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 09:57:13 --&gt;     andre (~y0020796@rzlx0010.rz.tu-bs.de) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 09:59:27 &lt;jpr&gt;   morning guys</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 09:59:35 --&gt;     guenther (~guenther@IP-213188108046.dialin.heagmedianet.de) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 09:59:47 --&gt;     dobey (~dobey@130.57.22.69) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:00:38 --&gt;     rodo (~rodo@gprs130-82.eurotel.cz) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:00:42 &lt;rodo&gt;  hi all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:00:59 ---     guenther is now known as guenther|afk</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:01:05 --&gt;     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:01:23 --&gt;     siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:02:47 --&gt;     gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.19) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:03:45 ---     guenther|afk is now known as guenther</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:04:50 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      We should create an ics on some website with meeting schedules and alarm notifications :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:06:50 &lt;jpr&gt;   just waiting on a couple more people</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:06:53 &lt;jpr&gt;   then we'll get going</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:07:04 ---     siva is now known as siva_brb</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:07:47 --&gt;     bowes (~bowes@blk-137-127-26.eastlink.ca) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:09:05 &lt;bowes&gt; is there an agenda posted anywhere for today?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:09:14 --&gt;     chen (~chen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:09:34 &lt;jpr&gt;   bowes: e-h</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:10:10 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:10:12 &lt;jpr&gt;   here we go</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:10:23 &lt;jpr&gt;   2.2.x development status</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:10:44 &lt;jpr&gt;   i have 2.2.1 tarballs locally that i will push out today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:10:59 &lt;jpr&gt;   assuming gekker and guenther find no issues when test building</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:11:07 --&gt;     harish_meet (~linux123@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:11:09 &lt;jpr&gt;   fixes around 40+ bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:11:12 *       guenther nods</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:11:38 &lt;jpr&gt;   as noted in the email i sent earlier this week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:02 &lt;jpr&gt;   all 2.2.x work is now in gnome-2-10 branch on cvs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:17 &lt;gekker&gt;        i had to add a #include to a file in the groupwise camel provider to fix some warnings that autobuild doesn't like, but other than that it all built fine</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:26 --&gt;     dhm (~dmalcolm@nat-pool-bos.redhat.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:29 &lt;jpr&gt;   gekker: ah, send that on</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:33 &lt;jpr&gt;   the main line is now basically for 2.2.x</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:37 &lt;jpr&gt;   err</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:41 &lt;jpr&gt;   2.3/2.4 work</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:48 &lt;jpr&gt;   but the versioning is not yet updated</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:12:53 &lt;jpr&gt;   that will happen later this week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:13:10 ---     siva_brb is now known as siva</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:13:12 &lt;jpr&gt;   please commit approved 2.2.x patchs to gnome-2-10 and to the mainline</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:13:30 &lt;jpr&gt;   other than that see the email for what currently can go into head</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:13:35 &lt;jpr&gt;   without my approval</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:13:43 &lt;jpr&gt;   the limitations will be lifted shortly</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:13:50 &lt;jpr&gt;   reminder</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:14:05 &lt;jpr&gt;   string and UI freeze is still in effect for gnome-2-10 branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:14:14 &lt;jpr&gt;   so please grep for "_(" in your patches</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:14:39 &lt;jpr&gt;   reminder to to review <a href="http://go-evolution.org/Evo2.4">http://go-evolution.org/Evo2.4</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:14:43 &lt;jpr&gt;   and add your comments</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:15:02 &lt;jpr&gt;   got a bit back logged so i haven't made that public yet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:15:21 &lt;jpr&gt;   any questions on any of the above?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:15:40 &lt;andre&gt; yepp: only *add* comments or am i allowed to edit the text (e.g. the listing of bugs)?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:15:55 &lt;andre&gt; to go-evolution.org i mean</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:16:10 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      I added a 'patch' in the 'Additional information" column of the   "Multiple alarms" section. perhaps the tables need a "patch" column </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:16:10 &lt;jpr&gt;   andre: like you did before? ie "see the following relevant bugs"?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:16:21 &lt;jpr&gt;   well</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:16:35 &lt;jpr&gt;   we don't want the wiki to track the work flow</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:16:40 &lt;jpr&gt;   we have bugzilla for that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:16:49 &lt;andre&gt; e.g. i'd very much change the list of menu positioning bugs in the wiki</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:17:09 &lt;jpr&gt;   andre: i would say add a comment containing the additions</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:17:17 &lt;andre&gt; ok, that's good</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:17:19 &lt;jpr&gt;   trying to avoid the wiki as being</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:17:31 &lt;jpr&gt;   too much of "we should fix bugs x, y, z"</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:17:38 &lt;andre&gt; yeah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:17:48 &lt;jpr&gt;   just trying to generate some over all goals for 2.4</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:17:56 &lt;jpr&gt;   and have tasks/bugs fall out of that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:18:06 &lt;jpr&gt;   anything else on that?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:18:19 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:18:21 &lt;jpr&gt;   status</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:18:25 &lt;jpr&gt;   andre: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:18:43 &lt;andre&gt; no, just that only question</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:18:50 &lt;andre&gt; i have already asked</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:19:27 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:19:30 &lt;jpr&gt;   bowes: anything?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:19:30 ---     chen is now known as chen_brb</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:19:50 *       dhm wonders if the wiki will become "public" once the log from this meeting goes online</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:20:07 &lt;jpr&gt;   dhm: i don't mind people who care enough to read the minutes looking :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:20:08 &lt;bowes&gt; nothing new, but I'd like to start planning calendar backend stuff. so that evo 2.4 can do more than just CalDAV</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:20:27 &lt;jpr&gt;   bowes: webdav you mean?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:20:47 &lt;jpr&gt;   gicmo is looking into a caldav backend</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:20:48 &lt;bowes&gt; no, caldav</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:20:52 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:21:07 &lt;bowes&gt; but yes, we should be able to handle anything. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:21:09 &lt;jpr&gt;   you might want to talk to gicmo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:21:12 &lt;bowes&gt; will do</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:21:13 &lt;jpr&gt;   well</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:21:22 &lt;jpr&gt;   we should make it easier to write backends</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:21:41 &lt;jpr&gt;   that are just read/writes of an entire calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:21:57 &lt;jpr&gt;   ie file, webdav, gnome-vfs of any type</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:21:58 &lt;jpr&gt;   etc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:06 &lt;hpj&gt;   note: try to avoid backends calling methods in each other</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:11 &lt;jpr&gt;   hehe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:14 &lt;hpj&gt;   there are some places where that's still happening</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:21 &lt;jpr&gt;   yah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:25 &lt;jpr&gt;   that doesn't need to any more</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:29 &lt;jpr&gt;   with the caching stuff</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:36 &lt;hpj&gt;   mm</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:49 &lt;hpj&gt;   i solved it temporarily on osx by linking those functions statically</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:22:54 &lt;jpr&gt;   dhm: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:23:15 &lt;dhm&gt;   nothing new</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:23:30 &lt;jpr&gt;   dhm: we can get your printing patches looked at now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:23:31 &lt;jpr&gt;   for head</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:23:36 &lt;dhm&gt;   cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:23:56 &lt;jpr&gt;   dhm: 2.2.1 just allows dbus 0.23.4 and below for new-mail-notify</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:24:01 &lt;dhm&gt;   there'll be another one for gal for the table view</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:24:02 &lt;jpr&gt;   but you can patch that in your build</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:24:06 &lt;dhm&gt;   yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:24:26 &lt;dhm&gt;   so it's a "plesse let me do this, I know what I'm doing" kind of thing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:24:35 &lt;dhm&gt;   if you want to use a later DBus</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:24:41 &lt;jpr&gt;   yah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:24:50 &lt;jpr&gt;   until we figure what else to do</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:24:57 *       dhm wonders if that is going to be a pain for jhbuild</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:25:05 &lt;dhm&gt;   oh well</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:25:06 &lt;jpr&gt;   (i'm still willing to take a non-"yuck" patch)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:25:10 &lt;dhm&gt;   :-P</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:25:20 &lt;jpr&gt;   :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:25:24 &lt;jpr&gt;   dobey: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:25:37 &lt;dobey&gt; i've been kicking ass for product design still :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:25:59 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:26:03 &lt;dobey&gt; should be able to look at the multi-alarm stuff from pvanhoof a little more today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:26:04 &lt;jpr&gt;   evo related at all?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:26:19 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:26:31 &lt;dobey&gt; no, suse 9.3 stuff mostly</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:26:31 &lt;dhm&gt;   consolidation of multiple alarms in evolution-alarm-notify IIRC</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:26:32 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      for that the others can take a look at this screenshot: <a href="http://www.freax.be/files/alarm-notify-mockup-three.png">http://www.freax.be/files/alarm-notify-mockup-three.png</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:26:42 &lt;jpr&gt;   dobey: any evo related mockups?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:26:49 &lt;jpr&gt;   or user testing plans?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:27:24 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      dobey, I've noticed today that the snooze and edit buttons are always working.. so it's possible I'll send a fix for that lateron</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:27:28 &lt;dobey&gt; not really, just the mockup i made for the multi-alarm dialog from pvanhoof on monday</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:27:30 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      s/are/aren't</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:27:50 &lt;jpr&gt;   dobey: ok, eta on any of that?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:28:11 &lt;jpr&gt;   gekker: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:28:28 &lt;dobey&gt; not other than "as soon as i can get to it", no</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:28:33 &lt;gekker&gt;        not today, thanks for a sweet release</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:28:48 &lt;jpr&gt;   if a little late in the day :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:28:53 &lt;jpr&gt;   guenther: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:28:58 &lt;guenther&gt;      Well, I hate to promise me being back to the lists yet again...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:29:02 &lt;jpr&gt;   hehe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:29:05 &lt;guenther&gt;      But I really hope to, soon. I'm already back to IRC and testing builds, at least. :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:29:15 &lt;guenther&gt;      oh, and meetings of course</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:29:16 &lt;jpr&gt;   harish_meet: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:30:21 &lt;jpr&gt;   hpj: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:30:30 &lt;hpj&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:30:37 &lt;harish_meet&gt;   jpr: gw recurrence work, patch reviews and some defect fixes on mailer/calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:30:44 &lt;hpj&gt;   done: moved the e-password strings to e-d-s, fixed cut/copy/paste in composer entries</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:31:21 &lt;jpr&gt;   hpj: ok, and moving on to authentication repeating issues?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:31:24 &lt;hpj&gt;   looked at the limits patch ABI breakage ... how about I move the flags field to the bottom of the struct? i don't think anyone's subclassing them yet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:31:42 &lt;hpj&gt;   so struct size shouldn't be a problem</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:31:48 &lt;jpr&gt;   most annoying when a contacts server is down</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:04 &lt;rodo&gt;  hpj: you may close <a href="http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=71535">http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=71535</a> then</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:07 &lt;jpr&gt;   hpj: what class is that again?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:12 &lt;hpj&gt;   right, i'm moving on to fixing authentication dialog hell :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:14 ---     chen_brb is now known as chen</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:46 &lt;jpr&gt;   pvanhoof: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:49 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      1) During hacking up that multi-alarm-notification stuff, I've noticed some non-static gchars being g_strdup()-created and then assigned to a label, but not being freed. It might be possible that there's other locations where it happened. Afaik such strings can be freed right after setting the label, no? 2) I have the i8n fixes for the save-calendar plugin pending, but some here already know that. 3) Of course, the multi-alarm-notifica</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:49 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      tion. But I've just read that dobey is going to take a look at this today.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:51 &lt;hpj&gt;   jpr: EDestinationStore and ENameSelectorModel</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:32:54 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      :p</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:33:42 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      it where the labels for the end and the start in that alarm-notification dialog</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:33:57 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:34:11 &lt;jpr&gt;   pvanhoof: maybe valgrind it to confirm the leak?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:34:27 &lt;jpr&gt;   but sounds leakish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:34:47 &lt;jpr&gt;   rodo: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:34:47 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      I looked at the function that created the tring, it was a simple g_strdup_printf (so it should be freed at some point). </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:34:58 &lt;rodo&gt;  bugfixing, 3.6.1 release</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:35:01 &lt;hpj&gt;   pvanhoof: sounds like a plain old leak</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:35:09 &lt;rodo&gt;  cleaned lot of 2.1 bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:35:20 --&gt;     fejj_work (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:35:25 &lt;jpr&gt;   rodo: should we patch 9.3 for the text size issue?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:35:27 ---     fejj_work is now known as fejj</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:35:42 &lt;rodo&gt;  one or two which were not regression rescheduled to 2.3</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:35:58 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      well, it's of course fixed in my patch that makes the dialog multi-alarm aware</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:36:01 &lt;rodo&gt;  jpr: we might, the patch is pretty simple</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:36:25 &lt;rodo&gt;  jpr: is 2.2.1 what's going to be in 9.3?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:36:44 &lt;jpr&gt;   yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:36:51 &lt;jpr&gt;   siva: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:36:56 &lt;siva&gt;  jpr, misc groupwise, exchange bug fixing </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:37:29 &lt;jpr&gt;   tml: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:38:16 &lt;jpr&gt;   fejj: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:38:27 &lt;fejj&gt;  bug fixing for connector is pretty much it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:38:47 &lt;jpr&gt;   fejj: ok, surf made a couple tweaks to your patch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:38:58 &lt;jpr&gt;   fejj: you might want to update and confirm everything is still ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:38:59 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      ah and thanks for the people doing the exchange-connector. I finally got it working with our company owa :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:39:05 &lt;--     tml has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:39:10 &lt;fejj&gt;  ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:39:39 &lt;jpr&gt;   if anyone else has additional major and above fixes that should be considered for 9.3</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:39:41 &lt;jpr&gt;   let me know</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:40:03 &lt;gekker&gt;        we have until friday morning for 9.3 fixes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:40:09 &lt;jpr&gt;   right</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:40:25 &lt;jpr&gt;   gekker: 8am EST?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:40:37 &lt;chen&gt;  jpr, status, bug fixing for groupwise calendar and worked on some bugs in general calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:40:45 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:41:01 &lt;gekker&gt;        well they have to be submitted by noon, so the sooner i get them the better the chance that i'll ge them in</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:41:07 &lt;jpr&gt;   right</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:41:11 &lt;jpr&gt;   because we'll need approval</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:41:45 &lt;jpr&gt;   anyone have anything else?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:10 &lt;jpr&gt;   oh</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:12 &lt;jpr&gt;   bugzilla move</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:18 &lt;jpr&gt;   that process has restarted</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:30 &lt;jpr&gt;   hopefully within a couple of weeks we'll be on ftp.g.o</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:32 &lt;jpr&gt;   err</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:34 &lt;jpr&gt;   b.g.o :-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:38 &lt;fejj&gt;  heh</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:51 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:53 --&gt;     tml (~tml@MMCXXXVII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:42:59 &lt;jpr&gt;   ah, in the nick of time</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:43:01 &lt;jpr&gt;   tml: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:43:08 &lt;tml&gt;   sorry, connection hickup</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:43:31 &lt;tml&gt;   still hacking furiously on gtkplug/socket</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:44:11 &lt;jpr&gt;   hows that progressing?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:44:21 &lt;tml&gt;   need for various bugfixes in gdk/win32 noticed while working on plug/socket </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:44:49 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:45:03 &lt;jpr&gt;   patchs being well received for gdk?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:45:05 &lt;tml&gt;   well, testsocket works, more or less, but the enter/leave event generation in the embeded buttons don't fire</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:45:09 &lt;pvanhoof&gt;      dobey, I have a new patch ready for the alarm stuff. going to post it in a few minutes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:45:30 &lt;dobey&gt; ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:46:47 &lt;jpr&gt;   tml: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:46:51 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:46:56 &lt;jpr&gt;   thanks everyone</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:47:00 &lt;jpr&gt;   see you next week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:47:12 &lt;tml&gt;   as for committing my changes to the gtk side, waiting for owen's approval on the suggesed source file splitups</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:47:23 &lt;jpr&gt;   ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:48:51 ---     chen is now known as chen_afk</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:48:59 &lt;hpj&gt;   later everyone</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:49:03 &lt;--     hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.207) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:49:13 &lt;--     fejj (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:49:19 &lt;--     andre has quit (later...)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:49:26 &lt;--     dobey (~dobey@130.57.22.69) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:49:27 &lt;--     dhm (~dmalcolm@nat-pool-bos.redhat.com) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:51:45 &lt;--     bowes (~bowes@blk-137-127-26.eastlink.ca) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:51:46 &lt;--     pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:52:07 &lt;--     guenther (~guenther@IP-213188108046.dialin.heagmedianet.de) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 10:52:23 &lt;--     gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.19) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 11:13:44 &lt;--     rodo has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 11:15:02 ---     harish_meet is now known as harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 11:25:12 ---     harish is now known as harish_home</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 11:32:45 &lt;--     tml (~tml@MMCXXXVII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 12:04:03 &lt;--     siva has quit (Leaving)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 12:30:31 ---     You are now known as jpr_food</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 13:03:37 ---     You are now known as jpr</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 17:33:16 ---     You are now known as jpr_away</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Mar 16 20:34:28 ---     You are now known as jpr</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Mar 16 20:35:12 2005</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!

<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->