<!--#set var="title" value="Evolution: IRC Meeting (2005-02-23)" -->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer" -->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml" -->

<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Feb 23 09:27:36 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:27:36 --&gt;You are now talking on #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:27:36 ---irc.acc.umu.se sets mode +n #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:27:36 ---irc.acc.umu.se sets mode +t #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:44:24 --&gt;prla (~stephen@80.172.45.2) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:45:31 --&gt;nuno (~neqm@80.172.45.2) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:46:01 --&gt;cmeadors (~cmeadors@pool-141-154-114-19.bos.east.verizon.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:50:48 ---You are now known as jpr</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:55:36 --&gt;mmoulderlt (~mmoulderl@192.94.118.227) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:57:15 --&gt;hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.194) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 09:58:45 --&gt;siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:00:46 --&gt;tml (user@MMDCV.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:00:51 --&gt;dhm_home (~david@h000f66e3c536.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:01:00 --&gt;christine (~christine@130.57.22.69) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:01:22 --&gt;smurfd (~smurfd@c-454970d5.010-6-76786a2.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:01:30 &lt;smurfd&gt;hey</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:01:39 --&gt;gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.31) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:02:34 &lt;jpr&gt;a couple more minutes and we'll start</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:02:42 --&gt;fejj (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:02:42 --&gt;seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-45-85.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:02:47 &lt;seb128&gt;hi</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:02:53 --&gt;rodo (~rodo@gprs144-205.eurotel.cz) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:02:56 --&gt;dobey (~dobey@h000625e6119c.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:03:01 &lt;rodo&gt;hi all</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:03:21 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:03:23 &lt;jpr&gt;lets rolls</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:03:26 &lt;jpr&gt;roll even</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:03:43 --&gt;sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:03:51 &lt;jpr&gt;2.1 development status</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:04:13 &lt;jpr&gt;as you no, hard code freeze on monday</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:04:23 &lt;jpr&gt;we need approval for 2.2.0 after that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:04:39 --&gt;surf_home (~surf@219.65.143.154) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:04:46 &lt;jpr&gt;at that time we'll tag the gnome-2-10 branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:05:05 &lt;jpr&gt;and HEAD will become 2.2.1 on which bug fixing should begin immediately</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:05:33 &lt;jpr&gt;2.2.1 will ship 2-3 weeks after 2.2.0</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:06:06 &lt;jpr&gt;are there any bugs that aren't marked as showstoppers that really should be?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:06:35 &lt;jpr&gt;if any thinks of any</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:06:35 &lt;dobey&gt;should the drag and drop to trash be a showstopper?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:06:38 &lt;jpr&gt;bump them up</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:06:43 &lt;jpr&gt;dobey: what number is that?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:06:52 &lt;dobey&gt;don't know, i'll have to find it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:06:55 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:05 &lt;jpr&gt;it doesn't sound like it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:06 &lt;fejj&gt;well, I'd say not</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:09 &lt;jpr&gt;unless its a regression</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:11 &lt;fejj&gt;because it isn't a regression</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:15 --&gt;Linho (~Linho@80.172.45.2) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:16 &lt;dobey&gt;it is a regression</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:20 &lt;dobey&gt;1.4 lets you drag to trash</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:29 &lt;jpr&gt;and does 2.0?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:40 &lt;dobey&gt;no, 2.0 doesn't</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:07:54 &lt;jpr&gt;still not a showstopper then</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:08:10 &lt;jpr&gt;moving on</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:08:18 &lt;jpr&gt;reminder we are in patch review mode</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:08:37 &lt;jpr&gt;and all that involves</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:08:40 &lt;jpr&gt;finally</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:08:47 &lt;jpr&gt;2.0.4 went out</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:09:10 &lt;jpr&gt;that will be the last release in that series unless something truly critical shows up</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:09:21 &lt;jpr&gt;like "it eats all my mail"</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:09:23 &lt;jpr&gt;or something</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:09:41 &lt;jpr&gt;status reports</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:09:49 &lt;jpr&gt;dobey: go</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:10:15 &lt;dobey&gt;all my patches are in now, working on getting the list of UI items for 2.3/2.4 together</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:10:42 &lt;dobey&gt;will probably make some patches for a few of them today, and look at new calendar widget possibilities</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:10:44 &lt;jpr&gt;dobey: are all 2.1 product design/ui design change bugs punted now?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:10:54 &lt;dobey&gt;almost</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:11:13 &lt;jpr&gt;i take it you'll work through the rest of the list?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:11:16 &lt;dobey&gt;there are a couple that i don't believe pd needs to give input for</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:11:17 &lt;dobey&gt;yeah</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:11:40 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:11:44 &lt;jpr&gt;fejj: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:12:09 &lt;fejj&gt;mostly reviewed notzed patches and looked at a few small issues</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:12:52 &lt;fejj&gt;looking at charset stuff for displayed messages in the preview pane now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:13:07 &lt;fejj&gt;apparently we don't override the subject charset but we do for the others</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:13:25 &lt;fejj&gt;so should have a patch for that today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:13:32 &lt;jpr&gt;is this cantona's 7bit issue?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:13:36 &lt;fejj&gt;no</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:13:52 &lt;jpr&gt;what about the thunderbird work around for parsing broken OE6 encoded words?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:14:17 &lt;fejj&gt;<a href="http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=62109">http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=62109</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:14:28 &lt;fejj&gt;I thought we were waiting until 2.3 for that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:14:49 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:07 &lt;jpr&gt;hpj: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:08 &lt;fejj&gt;if not, I can cook up a patch :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:19 &lt;hpj&gt;let's see</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:35 &lt;jpr&gt;fejj: well, it would be interesting to see how big it is i guess</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:42 &lt;fejj&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:45 &lt;hpj&gt;i posted the patch for e-passwords move</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:47 &lt;fejj&gt;I can do that today too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:47 &lt;jpr&gt;its hard for me personally to judge the riskiness though</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:15:55 &lt;jpr&gt;i leave that to you and notzed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:16:04 &lt;hpj&gt;it still needs a few more approvals</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:16:07 &lt;jpr&gt;hpj: from?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:16:27 &lt;fejj&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:16:30 &lt;hpj&gt;jpr: you on a few minor things (e-util and something else, i forget)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:16:35 &lt;hpj&gt;jpr: and someone on libedataserverui</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:16:48 &lt;jpr&gt;hmm</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:16:57 &lt;jpr&gt;ownership isn't really clear on libedataserver/ui</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:17:14 &lt;hpj&gt;i'm also halfway through a full rebuild on OS X</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:17:20 &lt;hpj&gt;that's true</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:17:36 &lt;hpj&gt;maybe we need a list of owners for everything</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:17:44 &lt;siva&gt;hpj, i look at e-auth-util too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:17:47 &lt;jpr&gt;i don't want to get too detailed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:17:47 &lt;siva&gt;it looks good</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:17:57 &lt;jpr&gt;if you are an e-d-s maintainer</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:17:57 &lt;siva&gt;probably my response did not indicate</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:18:04 &lt;hpj&gt;i've been talking with the Fink maintainers</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:18:05 &lt;jpr&gt;you can approve for those bits</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:18:19 &lt;hpj&gt;and they think evolution 2.2 in unstable will take a few weeks to happen</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:18:50 &lt;hpj&gt;so i'm going for the "binaries tarball" solution in the meantime, and indeed until evolution 2.2 can go into stable, which may require on the order of months</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:19:20 &lt;hpj&gt;it might even be possible to make a real OS X installer</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:19:32 &lt;hpj&gt;and put icons in the right places, etc.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:19:36 &lt;hpj&gt;that's what i want to do ideally</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:19:42 &lt;hpj&gt;ok, that was last week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:20:26 &lt;hpj&gt;the rest of this week i'll be working on the limits API that we discussed, that other shortcoming of e-name-selector that slips my mind right now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:20:32 &lt;hpj&gt;and continuing the OS X build</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:20:37 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:20:53 &lt;jpr&gt;rodo: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:21:30 &lt;rodo&gt;bugfixing (few crashes, rendering), reviewing of sun a11y patches</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:21:41 &lt;jpr&gt;how is RTL looking?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:22:12 &lt;rodo&gt;wroked also on rtl keymap/widget direction, not ready yet, but hope to have it ready before monday</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:22:35 &lt;rodo&gt;rtl is usable from what I heard</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:23:20 &lt;jpr&gt;cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:23:24 &lt;jpr&gt;siva: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:23:35 &lt;rodo&gt;so I will finish the direction thing and continue bugfixing for next week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:23:39 &lt;siva&gt;jpr, bug fixing we are left with 6 more major ones , some of them can be looked at only after 2.2 (like contact list server support for ldap etc)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:24:22 &lt;jpr&gt;siva: so there are some we should be punting?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:24:36 &lt;jpr&gt;contact lists on ldap is not a regression right?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:24:50 &lt;siva&gt;jpr, no, we can look them in 2.2.x </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:25:11 &lt;jpr&gt;it sounds like some major coding</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:25:17 &lt;jpr&gt;what about the vcard 2.0/3.0 compatibility bugs that remain?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:25:44 &lt;siva&gt;jpr, they are mostlly done <a href="http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=40756">http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=40756</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:25:48 &lt;siva&gt;that one is remaining</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:25:51 &lt;siva&gt;which is blanket bug</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:25:55 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:26:02 &lt;siva&gt;but one of the dependent bugs has nothing to do with 3.0</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:26:13 &lt;siva&gt;it just talks about some addtional fields in contact eidtor</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:26:16 &lt;jpr&gt;siva: are we sure about the contact lists on the ldap server?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:26:21 &lt;jpr&gt;its a very old bug</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:26:30 &lt;jpr&gt;it sounds like a lot of work</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:00 &lt;siva&gt;jpr, hmm let me look at to see what needs to be done</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:08 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:16 &lt;jpr&gt;mmoulderlt: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:34 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;I am writing, currently have a lot of stability issues</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:43 &lt;jpr&gt;in what sense?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:48 &lt;jpr&gt;the client is crashing?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:50 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;I installed an update yesterday afternoon and it broke my groupwise accounts</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:53 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;yep</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:27:58 &lt;jpr&gt;hmm</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:06 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;now I cant even access them, just hangs at loading</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:11 &lt;jpr&gt;did you file a bug?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:13 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;went all night doing that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:27 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;Yeah I did</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:44 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;I have filed several and it doesn't appear they are getting looked at too much</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:45 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:49 &lt;jpr&gt;number?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:56 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;let me check</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:28:58 &lt;jpr&gt;i'll see if it can get looked at soon</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:29:03 &lt;jpr&gt;surf_home: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:29:12 &lt;surf_home&gt;jpr: bug fixing for folder size and offline .. looking to closing in on the offline bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:29:15 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;72869</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:29:19 &lt;mmoulderlt&gt;was the last one</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:29:32 &lt;jpr&gt;sush: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:29:48 &lt;sush&gt;fixed some exchange bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:00 &lt;jpr&gt;did that community patch related to domain auth get looked at?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:14 &lt;sush&gt;will be sending some more to lists today or tomorrow</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:18 &lt;surf_home&gt;jpr: yeah .. i dont thnk it is correct</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:28 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:29 &lt;surf_home&gt;jpr: i have asked for more info</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:36 &lt;siva&gt;mmoulderlt, please keep groupwise keyword for groupwise bugs </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:39 &lt;jpr&gt;tml: status?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:55 &lt;siva&gt;mmoulderlt, we need a better stack trace for that one to do anything about that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:30:56 &lt;tml&gt;right. been working on libbonobo, and then gconf. also had to go back to fix a couple of more problems in orbit2. had to do an own port of  popt with a hack to avoid problems with importing variables from a dll.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:31:28 &lt;tml&gt;started putting the packages that have been ported on the sourceforge site</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:31:52 &lt;jpr&gt;putting them there how?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:31:57 &lt;tml&gt;yep</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:32:06 &lt;jpr&gt;listing them or tarballs?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:32:16 &lt;tml&gt;zipfiles actually</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:32:21 &lt;jpr&gt;hehe</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:32:22 &lt;jpr&gt;of course</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:32:30 &lt;jpr&gt;is the dbus work tidied up now?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:32:50 &lt;tml&gt;mostly yes. need to once again keep up with the changes underneath though...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:33:06 &lt;jpr&gt;the arch seems to shift rapidly there</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:33:19 &lt;tml&gt;yes, it's kinda moving target</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:33:50 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:34:10 &lt;jpr&gt;gekker: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:34:20 &lt;gekker&gt;no</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:34:42 &lt;jpr&gt;seb128, dhm_home: anything for us?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:34:52 &lt;dhm_home&gt;(i) Been hacking on porting the addressbook and calendar printing code to use Pango for font handling and rendering, which fixes various i18n issues: cleaned up patches for 69430 (addressbook i18n printing) and 72668 (calendar i18n printing) posted to evolution-patches, and I'm working on a patch for 72815 (ETable i18n printing); have been testing succesfully with japanese and tamil scripts; introduces a requirement on libgnome</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:34:52 &lt;dhm_home&gt;print &gt;= 2.7.0; succesfully emulates existing bugs in old implementation; may have subtle differences in font selection logic but it works.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:34:58 &lt;dhm_home&gt;(ii) Working on pushing the various 2.0.4 packages as a update for FC3</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:35:08 &lt;seb128&gt;jpr: not really, that's getting well with the current versions :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:35:40 &lt;jpr&gt;dhm_home: you are expecting the printing patches upstream in 2.3 not 2.1/2.2 right?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:35:57 &lt;jpr&gt;hpj, siva: have the addressbook bits been looked at at all?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:05 &lt;dobey&gt;i think the libgnomeprint &gt;= 2.7 requirement is fine for 2.2</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:10 &lt;jpr&gt;ditto</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:13 &lt;dobey&gt;iirc, gtkhtml already requires it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:20 &lt;jpr&gt;i'm talking risk here though</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:20 &lt;siva&gt;jpr, no not yet </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:32 &lt;dhm_home&gt;jpr: ideally ASAP but if you want to mimimise risk then ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:40 &lt;dobey&gt;sure, just wanted to clarify that the dependency wasn't part of the risk :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:52 &lt;dhm_home&gt;I plan to add the patches into the Fedora rawhide updates</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:55 &lt;rodo&gt;I think it will be better to include them in 2.1</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:36:59 &lt;dhm_home&gt;so hopefully get a lot of testing there</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:37:21 &lt;jpr&gt;dhm_home: is there a list of issues this fixes?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:37:52 &lt;rodo&gt;old gnome print code is not very good and it will give printing to many users who cannot use it till now</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:37:57 &lt;dhm_home&gt;<a href="http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=69430">http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=69430</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:38:09 &lt;dhm_home&gt;<a href="http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=72668">http://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=72668</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:38:14 &lt;dhm_home&gt;tp://bugzilla.ximian.com/show_bug.cgi?id=72815</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:38:18 &lt;dhm_home&gt;But basically...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:38:32 &lt;rodo&gt;I think there are generally problems with all non-latin languages</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:38:48 &lt;dhm_home&gt;in many scripts, when you print the text only appears as hollow boxes i.e. it's uselessw</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:39:16 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:39:41 &lt;jpr&gt;the module maintainers can decide</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:39:59 &lt;dhm_home&gt;cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:40:08 &lt;jpr&gt;cmeadors: anything?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:40:17 &lt;cmeadors&gt;cmeadors: nope</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:40:34 &lt;rodo&gt;dhm_home: I recommend to Cc module maintainers when you post to e-p list</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:40:44 &lt;dhm_home&gt;rodo: good point, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:40:51 &lt;jpr&gt;christine: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:41:25 &lt;jpr&gt;anyone else?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:41:26 &lt;christine&gt;jpr: just catching up from being out and lwe last week. hope to get you the 2.4 stuff by eow (i'll be in and out of work this week)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:41:33 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:41:59 &lt;jpr&gt;christine: lets start that on e-h</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:06 &lt;christine&gt;jpr: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:12 &lt;jpr&gt;any other business?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:16 &lt;jpr&gt;oh</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:18 &lt;jpr&gt;my status</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:19 &lt;dobey&gt;christine and jpr: i have a mail on my laptop which i apparently forgot to send last night, but will send as soon as i get to the office today, about 2.3/2.4 UI bits</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:26 &lt;jpr&gt;dobey: ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:31 &lt;christine&gt;dobey: thats great</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:34 &lt;jpr&gt;restoring the startup wizard</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:42:49 &lt;jpr&gt;fixed a bunch of meeting autocompletion issues</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:43:12 &lt;jpr&gt;(easy with no bonobo there)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:43:21 &lt;jpr&gt;(6bugs in about 50 lines of code)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:43:37 &lt;jpr&gt;some miscellaneous fixes coming</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:43:59 &lt;jpr&gt;anything else</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:44:00 &lt;jpr&gt;?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:08 &lt;--nuno has quit (Client exiting)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:12 &lt;--cmeadors (~cmeadors@pool-141-154-114-19.bos.east.verizon.net) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:17 &lt;jpr&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:20 &lt;jpr&gt;thanks everyone</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:27 &lt;siva&gt;bye </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:33 &lt;--siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:38 &lt;surf_home&gt;bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:38 &lt;--mmoulderlt has quit (Leaving)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:40 &lt;--christine (~christine@130.57.22.69) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:43 &lt;dhm_home&gt;bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:46 &lt;--dhm_home (~david@h000f66e3c536.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:51 &lt;smurfd&gt;later</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:53 &lt;--surf_home (~surf@219.65.143.154) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:54 &lt;--sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:45:57 &lt;--smurfd (~smurfd@c-454970d5.010-6-76786a2.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:46:12 &lt;rodo&gt;see you</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:46:15 &lt;--seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-45-85.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:46:15 &lt;--rodo (~rodo@gprs144-205.eurotel.cz) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:46:37 &lt;--dobey (~dobey@h000625e6119c.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:47:03 &lt;tml&gt;bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:47:42 &lt;--hpj (~hpj@201.129.49.194) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Feb 23 10:48:59 &lt;--gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.31) has left #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Feb 23 10:50:21 2005</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!

<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->