**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Mar 23 09:55:07 2005

Mar 23 09:55:07 -->	You are now talking on #evolution-meet
Mar 23 09:57:01 -->	fejj_work (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 09:57:05 ---	fejj_work is now known as fejj
Mar 23 09:57:38 -->	rodo (~rodo@gprs148-33.eurotel.cz) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 09:57:43 <rodo>	hi all
Mar 23 09:57:49 -->	andre (~y0020796@rzlx0008.rz.tu-bs.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 09:57:54 -->	siva (~siva@202.88.171.168) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:00:20 -->	bowes (~bowes@blk-137-127-26.eastlink.ca) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:00:42 <bowes>	I decided to skip class ;)
Mar 23 10:01:12 <jpr>	hehe
Mar 23 10:01:13 -->	dhm_home (~david@h000f66e3c536.ne.client2.attbi.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:04:52 <jpr>	hi guys, just be a couple of minutes
Mar 23 10:05:26 -->	gekker (~gekker@137.65.45.2) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:05:52 -->	rickdangerous (~semaphor@81.213.74.156) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:08:25 -->	dobey (~dobey@130.57.22.69) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:10:30 <jpr>	ok, lets begin
Mar 23 10:10:48 <jpr>	2.2.x development status
Mar 23 10:11:05 <jpr>	2.2.1 is out
Mar 23 10:11:21 <jpr>	so we are headed for 2.2.2 probably in another week or two
Mar 23 10:11:33 <jpr>	it will probably line up close to GNOME 2.10.1
Mar 23 10:11:33 -->	rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:11:37 <rodrigo>	hi
Mar 23 10:11:52 <jpr>	based on past experience
Mar 23 10:12:08 <jpr>	although I haven't seen a schedule for 2.11 or 2.10.x yet
Mar 23 10:12:10 <jpr>	has anyone?
Mar 23 10:12:23 -->	pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:12:36 <jpr>	i'll take that as a no :-)
Mar 23 10:12:44 <bowes>	jpr: there's a WIP one on lgo
Mar 23 10:12:44 <pvanhoof>	can't stay very long :-(. I have a meeting at my work in a few minutes too
Mar 23 10:12:53 <bowes>	let me get the url for you
Mar 23 10:12:56 <jpr>	thanks
Mar 23 10:13:22 <jpr>	i've started asking several of you to review bugs that got "stuck" on older milestones
Mar 23 10:13:28 -->	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-2-96.w83-194.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:13:39 <jpr>	1.4 is almost cleaned up now
Mar 23 10:13:42 <bowes>	jpr: http://live.gnome.org/TwoPointEleven
Mar 23 10:14:00 <jpr>	2.0.4 will be next
Mar 23 10:14:21 <jpr>	any bugs you are working on now should be in or should be moved to 2.2.x milestone
Mar 23 10:14:28 <jpr>	or be related to suse 9.3 work
Mar 23 10:15:09 <jpr>	reminder that we are still currently in patch review mode as well as string and ui freeze
Mar 23 10:15:14 <jpr>	at least for the branch
Mar 23 10:15:21 <jpr>	and head is still limited on commits
Mar 23 10:15:44 <jpr>	there were some string freeze breakages in the last week that need to get corrected
Mar 23 10:16:20 <jpr>	for patch review i'd like to propose that things like test cases and test programs
Mar 23 10:16:26 <jpr>	no longer need patch review
Mar 23 10:16:34 <jpr>	except during GNOME hard code freeze
Mar 23 10:16:52 <jpr>	(for maintainers)
Mar 23 10:17:12 <jpr>	like rodo's stress test patch last week
Mar 23 10:17:19 <jpr>	does that sound right?
Mar 23 10:17:29 <rodo>	yes
Mar 23 10:17:49 <jpr>	any objects to that?
Mar 23 10:18:02 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:18:26 <fejj>	sure
Mar 23 10:18:30 <jpr>	anyone have any questions about what exactly they should be working on right now?
Mar 23 10:18:45 <fejj>	well, I do.
Mar 23 10:18:53 <fejj>	most of the mailer 2.2.x bugs are GW
Mar 23 10:19:04 <fejj>	the few that aren't are just weird
Mar 23 10:19:10 <siva>	how about doc 
Mar 23 10:19:30 <jpr>	siva: i think we can add developer docs as an exception as well
Mar 23 10:19:40 <jpr>	fejj: ok, lets talk afterwards
Mar 23 10:19:40 <fejj>	yea
Mar 23 10:19:43 <siva>	ok
Mar 23 10:19:44 <fejj>	ok
Mar 23 10:20:06 <rodrigo>	we need to add liebedataser* and libedata-* API help
Mar 23 10:20:53 <jpr>	in general for people on my team it should be 1) suse 9.3 bugs i bring to you 2) 2.2.x bugs 3) reviewing 1.4, 2.0.4 bugs and getting them off those milestones 4) reviewing, updating the 2.3/2.4 wiki
Mar 23 10:21:01 <jpr>	rodrigo: bowes has started on that
Mar 23 10:21:06 <rodrigo>	cool
Mar 23 10:21:15 <jpr>	moving on
Mar 23 10:21:16 <bowes>	because i'm insane!
Mar 23 10:21:35 <rodrigo>	bowes: you'll get some beers for free once you've finished :)
Mar 23 10:21:37 <pvanhoof>	no, because you must be on drugs
Mar 23 10:21:43 <jpr>	don't forget about http://go-evolution.org/Evo2.4
Mar 23 10:22:41 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:22:43 <jpr>	status reports
Mar 23 10:22:51 <jpr>	tml: you're at the top today :-)
Mar 23 10:23:04 <tml>	yeag, i was early...
Mar 23 10:23:33 <tml>	some more testing on gconf, some libonoboui progress.
Mar 23 10:23:52 <tml>	gtkplug/socket slowly getting more like on x11
Mar 23 10:23:54 <jpr>	i've seen that libbonobui is requiring some gtk fixing
Mar 23 10:24:01 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:24:38 <jpr>	tml: what are the main remaining issues on gtkplug/socket?
Mar 23 10:25:12 <tml>	as far as i can say based on test programs (i.e. not real code), mainly some focus movement issues 
Mar 23 10:25:25 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:25:31 <jpr>	andre: anything for us?
Mar 23 10:25:39 <andre>	no
Mar 23 10:25:47 <tml>	i.e. sometimes no widget thinks it has focus, some times several (!) think they have it at the same time
Mar 23 10:26:04 <jpr>	andre: if you're interested there is a test dump of b.x.c to a b.g.o test server
Mar 23 10:26:21 <jpr>	it needs to get checked for correctness
Mar 23 10:26:25 <andre>	well, i'm always interested :-)
Mar 23 10:26:46 <jpr>	i can dig up the url if you want to take a look
Mar 23 10:26:55 <andre>	yeah, would be nice
Mar 23 10:26:55 <jpr>	bowes: anything for us?
Mar 23 10:27:13 <bowes>	nothing new calendar-wise. but the api docs are moving swiftly
Mar 23 10:27:20 >andre<	http://bugzilla-test.gnome.org/
Mar 23 10:27:20 <dhm_home>	jpr: is this all of b.x.c, or just evolution-related components?
Mar 23 10:27:32 <jpr>	evolution related
Mar 23 10:27:42 <pvanhoof>	ok, gtg. bye :)
Mar 23 10:27:46 <--	pvanhoof has quit (Leaving)
Mar 23 10:27:54 <bowes>	it would be nice to have them built regularly, and put on the web somewhere
Mar 23 10:28:01 <jpr>	yah
Mar 23 10:28:20 <bowes>	i'll send a patch out shortly; besides that, i think there are some doc related files in CVS that don't need to be there
Mar 23 10:28:20 <jpr>	afaict the gnome.org website doesn't easily allow for this to happen
Mar 23 10:28:41 <bowes>	i'll look into these unneeded files more later
Mar 23 10:28:48 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:28:55 <jpr>	dhm_home: anything for us?
Mar 23 10:29:05 <dhm_home>	not this week
Mar 23 10:30:16 <jpr>	i've got one additional patch people will probably want to ship for now
Mar 23 10:30:19 <jpr>	for 73844
Mar 23 10:30:27 <jpr>	dobey: anything for us?
Mar 23 10:31:13 <dobey>	not really. got an intern starting in a month or so, and talking to parag to get one of the hackers in india to help more with the UI stuff
Mar 23 10:31:29 <jpr>	cool
Mar 23 10:31:59 <jpr>	dobey: any mockups for evo to show off?
Mar 23 10:32:07 <jpr>	fejj: status?
Mar 23 10:32:26 <dobey>	not this week. need to make another mock-up for your proposal for the multi-alarm dialog though
Mar 23 10:32:40 <fejj>	been fixing bugs that you've been bringing to my attention
Mar 23 10:32:55 <jpr>	yah, i sent a small update to the cert patch
Mar 23 10:33:00 <fejj>	like the ok
Mar 23 10:33:12 <jpr>	the ok?
Mar 23 10:33:23 <fejj>	like the imap read bug and the cert thing
Mar 23 10:33:26 <jpr>	right
Mar 23 10:33:40 <jpr>	the imap read thing is kind of mind boggling
Mar 23 10:33:45 <fejj>	yea, started to say something and then said "ok" to your statement :)
Mar 23 10:33:48 <jpr>	in that i could really find any bug reports
Mar 23 10:33:53 <jpr>	couldn't
Mar 23 10:34:05 <fejj>	yea
Mar 23 10:34:31 <jpr>	gekker: anything for us?
Mar 23 10:34:35 <gekker>	i worked the evolution booth yesterday at brainshare, lots of interest, especially in the evolution-groupwise connectivity
Mar 23 10:34:55 <jpr>	cool
Mar 23 10:34:56 <gekker>	SUSE 9.3 looks good from an Evolution perspective
Mar 23 10:35:10 <gekker>	we'll likely see a release this week
Mar 23 10:35:24 <jpr>	will there be one more rc you think?
Mar 23 10:35:33 <jpr>	getting this cert patch in would be nice
Mar 23 10:36:00 <gekker>	it is still unclear, get me the patch and i'll submit it, then if there is another build it will be there
Mar 23 10:36:26 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:36:48 <jpr>	me next
Mar 23 10:37:02 <jpr>	organizing and writing 9.3 fixes
Mar 23 10:37:07 <jpr>	trying to get the release notes out
Mar 23 10:37:13 <jpr>	which i will finally send today
Mar 23 10:37:31 <jpr>	getting out 2.2.1
Mar 23 10:37:41 <jpr>	meetings (always lots of those)
Mar 23 10:37:42 <jpr>	:-)
Mar 23 10:37:46 <fejj>	heh
Mar 23 10:37:51 <jpr>	started looking at the pilot bugs
Mar 23 10:37:59 <jpr>	fejj: maybe you can help out there again
Mar 23 10:38:04 <fejj>	ok
Mar 23 10:38:30 <jpr>	rickdangerous: not quite sure who you are, but anything for us?
Mar 23 10:38:41 <jpr>	rodo: status?
Mar 23 10:39:02 <rodo>	bugfixing and reviewing bugs
Mar 23 10:39:30 <jpr>	rodo: daved said he had a reproduceable backwards typing problem with 2.2.1.1
Mar 23 10:39:47 <rodo>	eek
Mar 23 10:39:47 <jpr>	rodo: i'm assuming gtkhtml 3.6.1 but i'm not sure
Mar 23 10:39:53 <rodo>	good that it's reproducible
Mar 23 10:39:58 <jpr>	he can't send the message
Mar 23 10:40:09 <jpr>	so we need someway to scrub the content i guess
Mar 23 10:40:13 <jpr>	while retaining the tags
Mar 23 10:40:24 <rodo>	yeah
Mar 23 10:40:25 <jpr>	i'd ping him in irc
Mar 23 10:40:37 <jpr>	and confirm gtkhtml version and go from there
Mar 23 10:40:43 <rodo>	ok
Mar 23 10:40:50 <jpr>	rodo: and you're going to review the 2.0.4 milestone bugs, right?
Mar 23 10:41:04 <jpr>	for gtkhtml and gnome-spell
Mar 23 10:41:09 <rodo>	yeah, already reviewing them
Mar 23 10:41:13 <jpr>	ok, cool
Mar 23 10:41:16 <jpr>	rodrigo: status?
Mar 23 10:41:28 <rodrigo>	bug review, fixing
Mar 23 10:41:40 <rodrigo>	1.4/2.0.4 milestone review
Mar 23 10:41:47 <rodo>	I plan also to look on public headers cleanup next week
Mar 23 10:42:00 <jpr>	rodrigo: any progress on multiple vcalendars loading?
Mar 23 10:42:00 <rodrigo>	and working on fixing the recurrences patch, to be committed to HEAd once it's open
Mar 23 10:42:07 <jpr>	rodrigo: it would be nice to have that fix in 9.3
Mar 23 10:42:14 <rodo>	looks like there aren't many, mostly some selection, object and engine
Mar 23 10:42:21 <rodrigo>	jpr: wasn't looking at it, what bug # is it?
Mar 23 10:42:36 <jpr>	you were before vacation i thought
Mar 23 10:42:44 <jpr>	i can dig up the number
Mar 23 10:42:46 <rodrigo>	yes, some weeks ago iirc
Mar 23 10:42:48 <jpr>	70 something
Mar 23 10:42:59 <rodo>	plus tokenizer, from which mailer derives it's own search tokenizer
Mar 23 10:43:13 <jpr>	for interop with mozilla
Mar 23 10:43:34 <rodrigo>	it's in the 2.2.x milestone iirc
Mar 23 10:43:38 <jpr>	yah
Mar 23 10:43:42 <jpr>	seb128: anything for us?
Mar 23 10:43:46 <rodrigo>	will look for it
Mar 23 10:44:56 <seb128>	jpr: nothing special, nop
Mar 23 10:45:29 <jpr>	no critical downstreamers?
Mar 23 10:45:31 <jpr>	dhm_home: ^^^
Mar 23 10:45:35 <jpr>	siva: status?
Mar 23 10:45:41 <siva>	jpr, not much this week, fixed few connector bugs and 1.4.x bug review 
Mar 23 10:46:12 <seb128>	jpr: no, bugzilla is calm for evolution downstream atm :)
Mar 23 10:46:23 <jpr>	seb128: thats good :-)
Mar 23 10:46:24 <siva>	4 more 1.4.x are remainin for review
Mar 23 10:46:49 <jpr>	siva: did you sush, surf find out anything about the exchange sources not being removed on delete/disable?
Mar 23 10:46:57 <jpr>	it would be good to fix that for 9.3 if possible
Mar 23 10:47:06 <siva>	i will poke them
Mar 23 10:47:12 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:47:26 <jpr>	anyone have anything else?
Mar 23 10:48:00 <fejj>	anyone having translation issues?
Mar 23 10:48:13 <fejj>	there's a bug in bugzilla saying a lot of strings are not being translated
Mar 23 10:48:16 <jpr>	hmm
Mar 23 10:48:23 <dobey>	a lot of strings changed in 2.2
Mar 23 10:48:26 <jpr>	bindtextdomain issues?
Mar 23 10:48:30 <dobey>	and probably aren't translated?
Mar 23 10:48:33 <dobey>	which bug?
Mar 23 10:48:37 <fejj>	thinking more like lack of _() in areas
Mar 23 10:48:43 <fejj>	filed under mailer
Mar 23 10:48:46 <fejj>	2.2.x
Mar 23 10:48:47 <jpr>	hmm
Mar 23 10:48:49 <fejj>	forget the number
Mar 23 10:48:56 <andre>	dobey: bug 73885
Mar 23 10:49:08 <dobey>	thanks andre
Mar 23 10:49:37 <jpr>	oh
Mar 23 10:49:39 <dobey>	huh
Mar 23 10:49:40 <jpr>	that bug
Mar 23 10:49:44 <dobey>	that bug makes no sense
Mar 23 10:49:45 <jpr>	that is a dupe in thing
Mar 23 10:49:46 <jpr>	think
Mar 23 10:49:53 <jpr>	atleast the folder names part
Mar 23 10:49:54 <fejj>	ok
Mar 23 10:49:57 <dobey>	well
Mar 23 10:50:01 <dobey>	the folder names is a bug yeah
Mar 23 10:50:09 <dobey>	that custom widget doesn't do things properly
Mar 23 10:50:28 <jpr>	we fixed it in one spot iirc
Mar 23 10:50:29 <andre>	folder names part is bug 65329, yes (i commented that on bug 73885).
Mar 23 10:50:37 <dobey>	and i guess "Receiving Options" just isn't translated
Mar 23 10:50:49 <dobey>	and "OK" is "OK" in the greek translation in gtk+
Mar 23 10:51:11 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:51:19 <jpr>	anything else?
Mar 23 10:51:30 <andre>	dobey: "receiving options" *is* translated here in the german po file, but displayed in english
Mar 23 10:51:57 <fejj>	I can take a look at this code
Mar 23 10:52:02 <jpr>	ok
Mar 23 10:52:10 <jpr>	fejj: be careful of string freeze
Mar 23 10:52:10 <fejj>	just wanted a full list of what's not being translated
Mar 23 10:52:17 <fejj>	nod
Mar 23 10:52:40 <dobey>	oh
Mar 23 10:52:47 <fejj>	my guess is that the strings are marked for translation, but the variables are not being wrapped in _()
Mar 23 10:52:49 <dobey>	greek isn't 100% either
Mar 23 10:52:55 <dobey>	fejj: it's probably a fuzzy string
Mar 23 10:53:09 <dobey>	there are 2 fuzzies in evolution, and 1 in e-d-s
Mar 23 10:53:11 <fejj>	what's that?
Mar 23 10:53:25 <jpr>	i think we can take this over to #evolution
Mar 23 10:53:29 <jpr>	thanks all
Mar 23 10:53:30 <dobey>	yeah
Mar 23 10:53:32 <jpr>	see you next week
Mar 23 10:53:36 <fejj>	ok
Mar 23 10:53:38 <--	fejj (~fejj@h000c413e3057.ne.client2.attbi.com) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:53:46 <--	bowes (~bowes@blk-137-127-26.eastlink.ca) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:53:46 ---	siva is now known as siva_dinner
Mar 23 10:53:47 <--	cmeadors (~cmeadors@pool-141-154-114-19.bos.east.verizon.net) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:53:48 <--	rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:53:53 <--	dobey (~dobey@130.57.22.69) has left #evolution-meet
Mar 23 10:53:54 <--	andre (~y0020796@rzlx0008.rz.tu-bs.de) has left #evolution-meet
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Mar 23 10:53:57 2005

