**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jun 22 15:19:12 2005

Jun 22 15:19:32 -->	varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:23:42 -->	harish (~kharish@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:25:55 -->	srag (~sragavan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:26:41 -->	sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:28:09 -->	NotZed (~notzed@ppp170-161.lns1.per1.internode.on.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:28:44 -->	mattb (~matt@60-234-142-59.bitstream.orcon.net.nz) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:29:14 -->	rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:29:19 -->	ksh (~kaushal@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:29:47 -->	sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:30:16 <NotZed>	yeah already here harish
Jun 22 15:30:25 <harish>	hi NotZed
Jun 22 15:30:51 -->	andre (~andre@81.209.204.117) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:30:54 <varadhan>	present, Sir!!
Jun 22 15:31:40 <andre>	murn, could a log of this meeting please be put at the project page if possible...?
Jun 22 15:32:05 <harish>	andre: yes. vivek is updating it right after the meeting today :)
Jun 22 15:32:27 -->	tml (~tml@MMVIII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:32:33 <harish>	hi tml
Jun 22 15:32:41 <harish>	lets get started then..
Jun 22 15:32:46 <tml>	greetings everybody
Jun 22 15:33:04 -->	guenther (~guenther@IP-213157009013.dialin.heagmedianet.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:33:18 <andre>	hi guenther
Jun 22 15:33:27 <guenther>	hi andre
Jun 22 15:33:54 <harish>	updates from my side : we are due for 2.3.4 next week
Jun 22 15:34:54 <harish>	and unless anybody has must-fix updates on the stable branch, 2.2.3 would be our candidate for next weeks gnome stable release
Jun 22 15:35:36 <harish>	gicmo is not here with us today ....so the first-cut CALDAV backend is available on a branch
Jun 22 15:35:55 <harish>	we do not have a server yet to test against, though 
Jun 22 15:35:57 <harish>	:)
Jun 22 15:36:08 -->	shaheed (~shaheed@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:36:12 <harish>	lets quickly get around the room ..
Jun 22 15:36:15 <harish>	andre, ?
Jun 22 15:36:18 -->	nags_ (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:36:49 <--	andre has quit (...see you.)
Jun 22 15:37:02 -->	andre (~andre@81.209.204.117) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:37:12 <andre>	nothing particular, i'd just like to remember to bring in patches and to *please* solve as many bugs as possible of string translation meta bug 236276 because of the String Change Announcement Period next week...
Jun 22 15:38:01 <harish>	yes. i'd also like to remind ppl about the outage on the gnome servers next week
Jun 22 15:38:15 <harish>	so kindly get in all critical work earlier..
Jun 22 15:38:29 <harish>	thanks andre.
Jun 22 15:38:32 <harish>	ksh, ?
Jun 22 15:38:36 <ksh>	hey harish
Jun 22 15:38:45 <harish>	oh..guenther : anything for us ?
Jun 22 15:38:46 <ksh>	harish: gal is retired 
Jun 22 15:39:18 <harish>	the po changes are complete as well ?
Jun 22 15:39:22 <guenther>	harish: Not, nothing that isn't visible in the usual places like mail lists and IRC.
Jun 22 15:39:51 <ksh>	harish: yep
Jun 22 15:39:55 <ksh>	thanks to NotZed
Jun 22 15:40:02 -->	chen (~chen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:40:05 <harish>	thanks. mattb ?
Jun 22 15:40:18 <ksh>	NotZed: thanks for po migration
Jun 22 15:41:05 <mattb>	just lurking
Jun 22 15:41:06 <harish>	nags_, so we have the top priority bugs page in evo wiki now !! wanna tell us more about it ?
Jun 22 15:41:15 <nags_>	harish: ya
Jun 22 15:41:21 <nags_>	trying to cleanup unconfirmed bugs
Jun 22 15:41:21 <nags_>	writing testcases for address book (LDAP, personal, groupwise, exchange, autocompletion, vcards)
Jun 22 15:41:24 <mattb>	I have the inline pgp patch which is nearly finished, but has a memory management bug 
Jun 22 15:41:26 <mattb>	that I'm stuck on
Jun 22 15:41:28 <nags_>	http://go-evolution.org/Top_priority_bugs
Jun 22 15:41:39 <mattb>	might have time to look at it again soon, but no hurry :)
Jun 22 15:41:43 <nags_>	need to add some exchange bugs too :)
Jun 22 15:42:14 <harish>	thanks mattb
Jun 22 15:42:28 <harish>	NotZed, ?
Jun 22 15:43:06 <--	andre has quit (...see you.)
Jun 22 15:43:08 <NotZed>	more stuff on the disksummary branch mainly.  a few patch reviews and so on, lists, etc
Jun 22 15:43:13 -->	andre_ (~andre@81.209.204.117) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:43:42 <harish>	thx. pnayak ?
Jun 22 15:44:42 <pnayak>	harish:proceed and come back to me later
Jun 22 15:44:54 <harish>	ok. sankar: updates on the proxy feature for GW ?
Jun 22 15:44:57 <sankar>	Working on proxy feature. Had an internal demo on the rudimentary features. Will be sending a mail to evolution-hackers shortly about the implementation details. Needs some more work to be committable.
Jun 22 15:45:03 -->	shilpa_qa (~shilpa_qa@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:45:12 <rodrigo>	harish: hey, you missed me :)
Jun 22 15:45:14 <harish>	great.
Jun 22 15:45:20 <rodrigo>	harish: today I've got something to add -> http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=200821
Jun 22 15:45:26 <rodrigo>	it's a notes component for evo
Jun 22 15:45:28 <harish>	oops.. sorry amigo
Jun 22 15:45:32 <rodrigo>	:)
Jun 22 15:45:45 <harish>	wow!!
Jun 22 15:46:30 *	tml at first thought rodrigo meant Lotus Notes...
Jun 22 15:46:39 *	harish notices lengthy comments and needs to go over it
Jun 22 15:46:39 <rodrigo>	haven't tried it, but the code I've looked looks right, so maybe we want to get it into HEAD
Jun 22 15:46:50 <harish>	sure
Jun 22 15:47:03 <rodrigo>	harish: see the last comment
Jun 22 15:47:53 <harish>	i will follow that up. thanks rodrigo
Jun 22 15:48:00 <rodrigo>	ok
Jun 22 15:48:13 <harish>	shaheed, ?
Jun 22 15:48:20 <shaheed>	harish: have written some test cases for tasks and importer, sent it for review and waiting for comments from you and chen
Jun 22 15:48:36 <shaheed>	got some suggestions from pnayak and incorporated the chages
Jun 22 15:48:58 <shaheed>	also sent the test cases of importer to NotZed he is ok with the test cases
Jun 22 15:49:26 <harish>	shaheed, cool. i would look into it by today and send my comments
Jun 22 15:49:29 <harish>	thanks
Jun 22 15:49:37 <shaheed>	thanks harish
Jun 22 15:49:51 <shaheed>	thanks NotZed
Jun 22 15:49:52 <harish>	rodrigo, the patch uses gal..might need rework
Jun 22 15:50:19 <rodrigo>	oh
Jun 22 15:50:23 <harish>	shilpa_qa, ?
Jun 22 15:50:36 <harish>	rodrigo, though i hope not too much
Jun 22 15:50:47 <shilpa_qa>	almost finished writing test cases for the mailer component
Jun 22 15:50:58 <rodrigo>	harish: right, he did last patch against 2.3.3.1, not CVS
Jun 22 15:51:00 <shilpa_qa>	triaging bugs and exploring on security
Jun 22 15:51:18 <harish>	thanks
Jun 22 15:51:22 <harish>	srag, ?
Jun 22 15:51:30 <srag>	working on the image-resize, also trying to get daily snapshot rpms. Have to close on the attachment bar / expander stuff ;-)
Jun 22 15:52:31 <harish>	sure.. great.. i hope i can resolve the build buddy issues in time to have the formal...
Jun 22 15:52:36 <harish>	snapshots roll-out going
Jun 22 15:52:47 <srag>	:-)
Jun 22 15:53:05 <harish>	sush, anything for us ?
Jun 22 15:53:19 -->	shres (~sshreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 22 15:53:19 <sush>	nothing much.. fixing some vcard related problems.. 
Jun 22 15:53:31 <sush>	also some test case reviews
Jun 22 15:54:11 <harish>	sush, chen : we also need to close on the distribution list expansion problem for the GW backend
Jun 22 15:55:01 <harish>	srag, any leads on the gnome-print issue.. though i wonder whether it falls into evolution's turf in the first place
Jun 22 15:55:15 <harish>	hi tml
Jun 22 15:55:20 *	srag is yet to look into it
Jun 22 15:55:22 <chen>	harish, will be testing that today against the groupwise win32 client
Jun 22 15:55:27 <tml>	committed some stuff, been debugging some crashes, some progress on that but still a bit stuck. some gtk+ work
Jun 22 15:56:19 <tml>	been wondering how hard it would be to be able to use msvc to compile this, so that purify would work
Jun 22 15:56:46 <harish>	any of your gal patches that were not covered or missed out ?
Jun 22 15:56:53 <tml>	no problem with that
Jun 22 15:56:58 <harish>	cool
Jun 22 15:57:14 <harish>	varadhan, we have the helper classes in evo-# now :)
Jun 22 15:57:17 <varadhan>	1) ecal# bindings, 2) also reading through NotZed's mail-remote plugin code, 3) Updated the evo-beagle requirements section with my comments (how possibly the features will be implemented). 4) fixed a crasher in evo-cal-conduits, (303702) (needs your approval to commit it) ;)
Jun 22 15:57:39 *	harish updates his TODO
Jun 22 15:57:47 <harish>	i shall do that right after the meeting
Jun 22 15:58:01 <varadhan>	harish, thanks :)
Jun 22 15:58:02 <harish>	thanks varadhan
Jun 22 15:58:07 <harish>	viren, ??
Jun 22 15:58:12 <viren>	harish, patch for free/busy, now into delegate part...
Jun 22 15:58:49 <harish>	viren, cool. is it waiting for review ?
Jun 22 15:58:55 <viren>	harish, chen will review the patch today
Jun 22 15:59:12 <harish>	thanks. vivek ?
Jun 22 15:59:17 <vivek>	had been working on making junk-filtering an external plugin, sent a patch, NotZed has suggested another cleaner way, trying that by writing a new hook
Jun 22 15:59:35 <pnayak>	shall i update
Jun 22 16:00:10 <harish>	vivek, thanks. also let srag know if there are any specific dependancies on the gnome-icon theme etc. for his..
Jun 22 16:00:15 <harish>	snapshots work ?
Jun 22 16:00:25 <harish>	pnayak, sure
Jun 22 16:00:28 <pnayak>	harish:Completed testcases for 'Delegate meeting' & 'Proxy Settings', then traiged 'exchange connector' & 'Calendar' bugs.   Installed 'Hula' latest rpm's, verified send & receive mail in 'Evolution' using SMTP, IMAP & POP
Jun 22 16:00:58 <vivek>	harish, gnome-icon-theme? (did you mean for shared folder?)
Jun 22 16:01:07 <harish>	nice..would love to see blog updates/ screen shots
Jun 22 16:01:09 <harish>	vivek, yes
Jun 22 16:01:16 <vivek>	ok will do that
Jun 22 16:01:24 <--	shres has quit (Gnite)
Jun 22 16:01:25 <harish>	pnayak, thanks..
Jun 22 16:01:57 <harish>	any thing else from anybody ?
Jun 22 16:02:11 *	tml will be on vacation next week
Jun 22 16:02:36 <harish>	cool.. to some place warmer :)
Jun 22 16:02:39 <harish>	?
Jun 22 16:02:40 <tml>	(which is good timing if the gnome servers are borked anyway)
Jun 22 16:02:50 <tml>	yep, azores. not too warm, though
Jun 22 16:02:51 <chen>	harish, committed the delegation support for personal calendar
Jun 22 16:02:58 <NotZed>	hmm, warmer, sigh
Jun 22 16:03:04 <harish>	chen : great
Jun 22 16:03:24 <harish>	need some love for my gw recurrence patches too :)
Jun 22 16:03:37 <harish>	i'll send in an updated version that will apply against the HEAD
Jun 22 16:03:47 <harish>	that is it then for today...
Jun 22 16:03:53 <harish>	thanks all, bye !!!
Jun 22 16:03:57 <sankar>	harish: Every week, you can ask status in the reverse order of prev week [a-z -> z-a -> a-z]
Jun 22 16:03:58 <rodrigo>	bye
Jun 22 16:03:58 <chen>	harish, we need them committed too

