<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<!--#set var="title" value="Evolution: IRC Meeting (2005-07-06)" -->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer" -->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml" -->

<html>
<head>
	<title>2005-07-06.txt</title>
	<meta name="generator" content="irclog2html.pl 2.1 by Jeff Waugh">
	<meta name="version" content="2.1 - 27th July, 2001">
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff"><tt>
<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jul  6 15:25:48 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:25:48 *Now talking on #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:25:50 *sp (~shakti@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:26:24 *Mengjie (~Mengjie@202.108.88.130) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:26:28 *harish (~kharish@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:27:10 *tml (~tml@MXIX.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:27:20 tmlhello guys!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:27:39 harishhi tml</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:28:19 *seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-39-50.w83-196.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:28:41 harishlets wait for a couple of more minutes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:29:26 harishseb128, i have been looking at 307794 issue..i'm surprised no other application is being hit by the bug</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:29:54 harishand we crash on all instances where the gtk-combo widget is used</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:30:11 *srag_ (~sragavan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:30:22 *sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:30:35 seb128harish: I've not got any other bug about such issue on Ubuntu</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:30:40 seb128and other apps don't crash here</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:31:21 harishguess i need to get rid of it by today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:31:52 harishlets get started</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:31:55 seb128that would be nice, atm it prevents any new user to set up evolution</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:32:18 *nicel (~mnicel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:32:21 harishfrom my side. evo 2.3.4 release happened in the weekend</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:33:05 harishand i see more build issues from FC4 which seem to go fine on SUSE and i guess ubuntu too</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:33:23 harishperhaps less forgiving compilers or just some missing option</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:33:59 harishthis week i would be mostly at clearing the patch log and more gw work on calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:34:08 harishchen : updates for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:34:10 *nags (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:34:23 tmlhmm, i think i saw the same crash on win32 before my vacation, even...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:34:52 harishMengjie, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:34:58 chenBug fixing, patch review, fixed issues w.r.t exchange in build buddy and the rpms have been delivered in rug</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:35:42 harishnags, the testing cycle of 2.3.4 has begun. any updates for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:35:52 nagsharish: yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:35:54 nagsHave setup testlink.sf.net software locally</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:35:55 nagsNeed to update address book test-cases</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:35:55 nagsCurrently testing menu reorg in Evolution 2.3.4</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:36:13 *shaheed (~shaheed@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:36:18 *ksh (~kaushal@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:36:18 Mengjieharish:hi</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:36:24 chenharish, currently working on recurrence patch sent by you, we should get it in asap</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:36:30 kshhi Mengjie </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:36:36 Mengjieksh:hi</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:36:43 kshMengjie: how u doing</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:37:07 harishchen, yes. i am at your service :-) . lets wrap it up this week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:37:26 MengjieI am update the patch for #306238</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:37:31 harishnags, thanks.. a kind reminder about the bug triaging guidelines update on gnome bugzilla</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:37:50 chenharish, sure :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:37:52 nagsharish: I have updated after I receive your mail</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:38:09 nagsharish: Maybe I need to modify :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:38:09 kshMengjie: saw your comments. i have asked for it's commit to rodo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:38:27 harishpnayak, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:38:38 harishnicel, welcome.. have any updates ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:38:54 Mengjieksh:I'v talked with rodo. He had agreed my signaling object_delete before really deleting and I'v changed the name of the signal to object_delete as his proposal.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:38:56 pnayaktriaging, started with exchange connecter testing, could ot test much there, now testing calendar in GW connector, I have setup UWcalendar, yet to verify calDAV support in it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:39:13 Mengjieksh:He also said if you think the other part of the patch is ok, I could commit it.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:39:17 harishpnayak, thanks..lets sync up with gicmo as well</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:39:18 *partha (~partha@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:39:26 pnayakoky</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:39:32 harishpartha, ??</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:39:53 kshMengjie: so u have changed the signal name now, is it.. could u send me that patch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:39:56 parthafixed a few bugs in gw</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:40:09 harishshaheed, shilpa_qa ??</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:40:19 parthachecking for leaks and stuff</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:40:24 parthathats about it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:40:33 *sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:40:35 harishpartha, cool. need some love on getting the camel docs back</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:40:36 kshMengjie: actually, it's ok with me.. i mean the other part looks fine to me. please go ahead and commit.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:40:41 shaheedcurrently testing evolution 2.3.x with exchange connector</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:40:59 parthaharish: yeah. sure</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:09 harishshaheed, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:13 harishsp: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:18 parthaplanning to look into bugs this week.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:19 Mengjieksh: great. I will commit it soon.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:22 shaheedDone with the basic test cases of Mailer</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:25 spworking on 'Subscribed/Unsubscribed Folder'. Subscribed folder is almost done and unsubscribed folder part is going on</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:32 shaheedproceeding with functionality</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:38 spsome issues are there . will fix it soon</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:42 kshMengjie: thanks for your great work into that patch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:45 harishsp: does that involve ui changes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:41:59 spyes, harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:01 *harish reminds all that we are now in UI and string announce period</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:05 *shres (~shreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:06 nicelharish: not really; but would be interested to know if the gw mailer issues are addressed in the latest builds?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:14 spI will send a mail to evolution-hackers list today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:30 parthanicel: a lot of them have been committed today.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:37 spalso a patch to evolution-patches</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:42 parthaso should get some things sorted out.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:43 harishnicel, yes. 2.3.4 snapshots available on redcarpet have some important fixes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:42:59 harishsp: thanks. srag : ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:43:00 nicelcool; shall check it out</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:43:06 parthachill</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:43:11 srag_hmm</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:43:25 srag_working on making attachment bar,</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:43:56 srag_making a single copy of it in the entire evolution. I have completed coding.. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:43:56 *rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:44:01 srag_ill send out soon.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:44:02 harishsush, any updates for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:44:07 harishthanks srag_</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:44:19 sushworking on autocompletion issue and other addressbook defects</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:45:09 harishare we still seeing memory issues with the patch that went in last week ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:45:34 sushwhich patch?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:45:43 harishhpj's patch for autocompletion</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:46:02 sushthat doesn't fix any memory issues.. that is for the timing issue..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:46:14 sushand we do see the timing issue with that patch..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:46:36 harishi heard that there are leaks observed in eds with that patch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:46:53 harishmay be we could take this up later.. thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:46:55 sushno...those leaks are not related to that patch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:47:05 harishtml: any updates for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:47:11 tmli was on vacation last week... currently finishing up for final review the gtkplug/gtksocket cross-platform changes, so that they will get into gtk 2.8. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:47:40 tmlbuild improvements here and there</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:47:55 harishcool. i wanted to sync up with you about some build issues.. maybe later in the day</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:47:58 harishthanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:48:04 harishvaradhan|mtg, ping</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:48:14 tmlharish: ok, i'll hang around on irc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:48:49 harishwe have a patch in evolution-sharp for calendar support..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:48:59 shrestml: could i pester you with some build issues i have on Mac os x. I just want some opinions on whether its a libtool issue or not ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:49:04 harishvaradhan|mtg, i hope to finish a review by tomorrow</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:49:19 harishshres, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:49:52 harishvivek: ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:49:56 vivekchecked in the new hook , also the plugin which uses that hook to make spam assasin pluggable</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:50:09 vivek<a href="http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=269098">http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=269098</a> covers the description</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:50:11 shresharish: just about wrapping up the proxy work sent out all the code onto the list and fixing all the review comments.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:50:31 vivekfinished the groupwise part also, will commit it today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:50:44 shresharish: fixed a couple of trivial e-d-s build issues on mac. WIll send patches soon</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:50:45 harishvivek : great..anything more on junk handling in GW accounts ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:50:56 harishshres, thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:50:59 harishviren, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:51:02 vivekharish, ya as i said that will be in today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:52:05 virenharish, filed bugs, working on reduction in bonobo traffic.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:52:22 harishall, i hope we will make a migration of lists from the ximian servers to gnome sometime this week. i would work with the sysadmins (ross) about that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:52:34 harishthanks viren.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:52:52 virenharish, changes in attachment bar pop up menu</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:53:16 harishalso, kindly request you all to update the bug status once you make a commit</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:53:27 virenwill be done, iam waiting for srag_ to commit the flag changes.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:53:34 harishcool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:53:44 harishanything else from anybody ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jul 06 15:54:23 harishwell - thats it then for today.. thanks all</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!
</tt></body></html>
<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->
