Jun 08 15:37:17 <harish>	we can start now, i guess
Jun 08 15:37:18 -->	ksh (~kaushal@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:37:40 -->	shres (~shreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:37:50 -->	surf (~surf@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:38:04 <partha>	i think michael is sleeping
Jun 08 15:38:34 <harish>	updates from my side - We released 2.2.3 (stable version) last week and 2.3.3 (HEAD) today
Jun 08 15:38:37 -->	rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:38:39 -->	srag (~sragavan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:39:10 -->	viren (~viren@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:39:13 <harish>	lots of new stuff in today's release - primarily the plugin loader stuff from NotZed
Jun 08 15:40:02 <harish>	and plenty of news - Evolution on windows
Jun 08 15:40:03 -->	pvanhoof (~pvanhoof@cvs.maia-scientific.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:40:09 <harish>	delegation of events etc.
Jun 08 15:40:14 <pvanhoof>	lol. it's 12:00 here :)
Jun 08 15:40:17 <harish>	and more ui changes in the offing
Jun 08 15:40:18 <pvanhoof>	dinner etc :)
Jun 08 15:40:26 -->	andre (~andre@81.209.204.43) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:40:28 <harish>	ah..
Jun 08 15:40:31 <harish>	hi andre 
Jun 08 15:40:36 <andre>	murn :-)
Jun 08 15:40:38 <ksh>	hi pvanhoof
Jun 08 15:40:44 <harish>	hi rodrigo , pvanhoof 
Jun 08 15:40:58 -->	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-151-1-15-72.w83-194.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:41:02 <pvanhoof>	but that might take some more minutes (before the other dudes here start yelling I have to come for dinner)
Jun 08 15:41:03 <harish>	so lets quickly get around the room
Jun 08 15:41:04 <pvanhoof>	hey
Jun 08 15:41:18 <harish>	andre, anything for us ?
Jun 08 15:41:49 <harish>	chen ?
Jun 08 15:41:53 -->	varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:41:54 <andre>	no (been working on the faq and retargetting old bugs <=2.1)
Jun 08 15:42:34 <harish>	great
Jun 08 15:42:35 -->	nicel (~mnicel@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:42:39 <harish>	ganesh, ?
Jun 08 15:42:59 <ganesh>	nothing much,,have been working with Kaushal on knowledge tranfer and releaed GTKHTMl 3.7.2
Jun 08 15:43:33 <harish>	that reminds me.. Kaushal (ksh) would be our gtkhtml contact guy henceforth..
Jun 08 15:43:53 <chen>	harish, committed the delegate support for groupwise and some patch reviews
Jun 08 15:43:53 <ksh>	yep
Jun 08 15:43:54 <harish>	ksh was earlier handling the retiring of gal
Jun 08 15:44:19 <harish>	and jess joins us in the evolution team.. welcome jess
Jun 08 15:44:20 <ksh>	gal work is almost over.. only cvs surgery needs to be done now..
Jun 08 15:44:40 <jess>	thanks harish
Jun 08 15:44:52 <harish>	ksh, so are we targetting gal inside evo for 2.3.4 ?
Jun 08 15:45:14 <harish>	nags_, ?
Jun 08 15:45:18 <andre>	so what are we doing with all the GAL bugs in bugzilla?
Jun 08 15:46:00 -->	tml (~tml@MCDXLVII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 15:46:01 <pvanhoof>	we could ask the gnome-bugzilla maintainer to move those to a component of evo?
Jun 08 15:46:07 <tml>	sorry, forgot
Jun 08 15:46:09 <pvanhoof>	no?
Jun 08 15:46:20 <ksh>	harish: jpr is going to do the cvs surgery.. so, it depends 
Jun 08 15:46:20 <harish>	yes.. 
Jun 08 15:46:24 <pvanhoof>	hey tml (again, nice job on the win32 porting and the screenshot)
Jun 08 15:46:28 <andre>	hmm, ok
Jun 08 15:46:33 <harish>	though i still need to ping him about that
Jun 08 15:46:44 <harish>	partha, ?
Jun 08 15:46:53 <harish>	hi tml 
Jun 08 15:47:10 <partha>	harish: fixed a couple of bugs on the groupwise provider.
Jun 08 15:47:35 <partha>	currently working on the offline issue of the CamelOfflineStore..
Jun 08 15:47:38 <harish>	ksh: pl. do keep tml, haip in the loop while these changes are being done
Jun 08 15:47:50 <partha>	getting it to work fine basically.
Jun 08 15:47:57 <harish>	:) thanks
Jun 08 15:48:15 <ksh>	harish: ok
Jun 08 15:48:17 <partha>	harish: thanks 
Jun 08 15:48:44 <harish>	rodrigo, we have the Marcus Bains line in now, though it requires a gconf restart
Jun 08 15:48:56 <harish>	sankar, ?
Jun 08 15:49:08 <sankar>	harish: Working on proxy. Discussing with Preston for server related issues. Few bugs are filed and few are resolved.
Jun 08 15:49:36 <harish>	and when do we get to see some cool screenshots :)
Jun 08 15:49:49 <sankar>	By monday hopefully
Jun 08 15:49:55 <harish>	great !!
Jun 08 15:50:14 <harish>	seb128, srag has responded to your queries, i believe
Jun 08 15:50:31 <seb128>	harish: yep, thanks
Jun 08 15:50:33 <harish>	shres, ?
Jun 08 15:50:41 <ksh>	hi seb128
Jun 08 15:50:44 <rodrigo>	harish: yes, talked with chen yesterday about ut+
Jun 08 15:50:45 <seb128>	hey ksh 
Jun 08 15:50:46 <rodrigo>	it
Jun 08 15:50:52 <ksh>	seb128: were u looking for me
Jun 08 15:50:55 <harish>	seb128, more ui changes in the pipeline
Jun 08 15:51:21 <harish>	srag, ?
Jun 08 15:51:45 <seb128>	ksh: I've some gtkhtml crashers/loops, just wanted to get an opinion on the bugs/know if I can provide useful details or help to track them, harish pointed you as for gtkhtml issues
Jun 08 15:51:55 <srag>	yep harish.. commited offline gw sab delta sync
Jun 08 15:52:03 <srag>	doing some attachment ui changes.
Jun 08 15:52:05 <seb128>	harish: ok, I'm going to package 2.3.3 today
Jun 08 15:52:36 <shres>	Working on the groupwise proxy stuff with Sankar. 
Jun 08 15:52:46 <srag>	today i did a function to set/reset busy cursor, so that the status can be conveyed to user
Jun 08 15:53:00 <ksh>	seb128: cool, i saw the bug about the blank lines crasher.. will be debugging it soon
Jun 08 15:53:00 <harish>	seb128, you may need to add the 'restart gconf' notes for the Marcus Bains line when you do the packaging
Jun 08 15:53:05 <pvanhoof>	seb128, ksh indeed. I've had loops while composing an e-mail. Loops that made my laptop hang for 20 seconds. I'm guessing loops in the spell correction stuff
Jun 08 15:53:08 <srag>	harish, tried it on mailer.. it was cool.. so will be commiting to e-utils/e-cursor
Jun 08 15:53:12 <pvanhoof>	lots of IO etc
Jun 08 15:53:15 <harish>	srag, cool
Jun 08 15:53:23 <harish>	surf, ?
Jun 08 15:53:26 <srag>	harish, if one needs to show busy can use it
Jun 08 15:53:39 <surf>	Made two releases, the new UI changes for exchange are all ready now, been testing the integration. Planning to merge the branch into HEAD after discussion
Jun 08 15:53:53 <harish>	srag, pl. send a mail to e-h on how to use your function 
Jun 08 15:54:03 <srag>	sure will do that.
Jun 08 15:54:09 <seb128>	harish: .deb packages send a SIGHUP to gconfd after installation which reloads the gconf base, should be enough no?
Jun 08 15:54:13 <harish>	so individual modules can decide where / how to use it
Jun 08 15:54:25 <ksh>	pvanhoof: ok.. 
Jun 08 15:54:39 <ksh>	pvanhoof: do u have a trace of that 
Jun 08 15:54:43 <harish>	seb128, should suffice, perhaps. not sure
Jun 08 15:54:46 <pvanhoof>	ksh, sorry, nop :-(
Jun 08 15:54:52 <ksh>	pvanhoof: np ..
Jun 08 15:54:52 <pvanhoof>	ksh, my kernel killed the process
Jun 08 15:54:59 <harish>	surf : thx. sush ?
Jun 08 15:55:04 <seb128>	harish: k, I'll be careful with that, thanks
Jun 08 15:55:12 <sush>	working on cache progress indication and offline handler stuff..for address book
Jun 08 15:56:08 <harish>	sush:thx
Jun 08 15:56:18 <harish>	tml : you have got some cool stuff to share ;)
Jun 08 15:56:39 <tml>	got (most of) evolution to build, the ui looks more or less fine, but of course lots of warning spew out, will have a look at the local camel backends first
Jun 08 15:56:51 <partha>	cool
Jun 08 15:57:06 <tml>	two screenshots at www.iki.fi/tml/evo-sshot-1.gif
Jun 08 15:57:07 <harish>	sush, since i have reverted the 'modal' nature of name selector dialog, you need to work on that issue
Jun 08 15:57:11 <tml>	and -2.gif
Jun 08 15:57:27 <harish>	tml, that was really cool
Jun 08 15:58:00 <harish>	varadhan, ?
Jun 08 15:58:10 <varadhan>	Working on Multisync and evolution stuff.
Jun 08 15:58:21 <tml>	but the really hard things are yet to come, making sure the use of libgthread functionality instead of pthread works
Jun 08 15:58:43 <varadhan>	Getting multisync working with evolution.  Should be able to do a basic testing today.
Jun 08 15:58:47 <harish>	tml, oh yes..
Jun 08 15:59:28 <harish>	varadhan, thats great.. and i guess, you would also looking at evo-# work for beagle
Jun 08 15:59:30 <varadhan>	This will let us know the direction of (pilot/other-device-syncing) stuff in evo.
Jun 08 15:59:42 <varadhan>	Yes, I was about to mention that. ;)
Jun 08 15:59:43 <harish>	cool
Jun 08 15:59:47 <harish>	viren, ?
Jun 08 15:59:58 <viren>	harish: 2 bug fixes in calendar, disabled event editor for non-organizer.. 
Jun 08 16:00:33 <viren>	starting to work on calendar offline stuff..
Jun 08 16:00:53 <harish>	viren, oh yes. event editor changes are pretty good things
Jun 08 16:01:14 <harish>	quite tricky too disabling the columns , right ?
Jun 08 16:01:21 <viren>	yeah
Jun 08 16:01:21 <harish>	vivek, ?
Jun 08 16:01:25 <vivek>	merged toshok-minicard-view-branch (addressbook) with head, added missing features, created a patch and sent it for review
Jun 08 16:01:35 <viren>	thx harish
Jun 08 16:01:50 <harish>	thx viren, vivek 
Jun 08 16:01:51 <vivek>	now started with junk-mail handling stuff in gw-provider
Jun 08 16:02:03 <harish>	vivek, you will be taking up the junk folder handling ?
Jun 08 16:02:24 <vivek>	harish, yeah started :)
Jun 08 16:02:26 <sush>	vivek: did u collect any performance data with the new stuff?
Jun 08 16:02:35 <harish>	pvanhoof, lets look into the gnome-build support too
Jun 08 16:02:50 <pvanhoof>	ok
Jun 08 16:03:14 <vivek>	sush, i collected, right now it doesn't seem to be better than the previous one
Jun 08 16:03:17 <harish>	though i would like gnome-build to handle the vars in Makefile.am w/o disturbing the evo arrangement :)
Jun 08 16:03:18 <pvanhoof>	harish, I'd say a combination of cleaning up the Makefile.am's and patching gnome-build will do the trick
Jun 08 16:03:44 <harish>	yes. right
Jun 08 16:04:03 <harish>	does anybody else has anything to add / discuss
Jun 08 16:04:19 <pvanhoof>	the thing is also that with clean makefiles, more IDE's (not using gnome-build) can parse them
Jun 08 16:04:37 <pvanhoof>	doing fancy tricks is cool but .. :)
Jun 08 16:05:18 <harish>	yes.. though i think they are as they are now bcoz of good reasons
Jun 08 16:05:41 <pvanhoof>	gtg. dinner :) I'll be back in .. 30 minutes
Jun 08 16:05:48 <harish>	we need to test it on diff platforms to make sure we are not breaking something
Jun 08 16:05:54 <pvanhoof>	ok
Jun 08 16:06:14 <harish>	yup..thats it then  ? anyone else wants to say something ?
Jun 08 16:06:19 <tml>	should something be done about the large number of shared libs, isn't that detrimental to performance on linux, too? why do the -a11y libs have to be separate, for instance?
Jun 08 16:07:08 <harish>	tml, no easy answers there
Jun 08 16:07:28 -->	brix (~brix@smtp.gentoo.org) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 08 16:07:41 <harish>	we could start discussing that on a case by case basis
Jun 08 16:07:55 <--	nicel has quit (Leaving)
Jun 08 16:08:17 <--	ksh (~kaushal@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet
Jun 08 16:08:19 <harish>	all right.. then.. lets get back to work.. thanks all
Jun 08 16:08:33 <varadhan>	bye
Jun 08 16:08:39 <--	varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet
Jun 08 16:08:42 <--	viren (~viren@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet
Jun 08 16:08:43 <harish>	would love to see more blog posts on what all of you are working on
Jun 08 16:08:44 <--	surf (~surf@202.144.86.147) has left #evolution-meet
Jun 08 16:09:10 *	tml will try to blog more often
Jun 08 16:09:18 <tml>	bye all

