**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Apr 20 15:53:10 2005

Apr 20 15:56:22 -->	tml (~tml@CL.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 15:56:39 <tml>	greetings folks
Apr 20 15:56:58 -->	andre (~y0020796@rz022002.rz.tu-bs.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 15:58:34 -->	harish (~kharish@202.144.95.243) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 15:58:40 <harish>	hi all
Apr 20 15:59:17 <rodo>	hi harish 
Apr 20 16:00:04 <harish>	JP said he would try to join for the meeting today and if he fails to make it, we could start it on our own
Apr 20 16:01:35 -->	pnayak (~pnayak@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 16:03:07 <rodrigo>	harish: one sec, so I start logging
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Apr 20 16:03:12 2005

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Apr 20 16:03:12 2005

Apr 20 16:03:21 -->	fejj (~fejj@c-66-30-106-142.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 16:03:34 -->	dobey (~dobey@130.57.22.69) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 16:03:45 <harish>	hi fejj , dobey 
Apr 20 16:04:36 -->	chen (~chen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 16:04:41 <chen>	hi all
Apr 20 16:04:49 <dobey>	hi
Apr 20 16:04:56 <fejj>	hey
Apr 20 16:05:28 <harish>	JP said he would try to join the meeting.. he is on the consulate office, i guess
Apr 20 16:05:40 <fejj>	ok
Apr 20 16:06:04 <harish>	he had asked me to go ahead with the meeting in case he does not make it
Apr 20 16:06:31 <harish>	chen: vivek/sush joining ?
Apr 20 16:08:23 <harish>	shall we get started ?
Apr 20 16:08:57 <chen>	harish: sush has left for the day
Apr 20 16:09:02 <harish>	ok
Apr 20 16:09:05 <harish>	rodo ?
Apr 20 16:09:23 <rodo>	yup, status report?
Apr 20 16:09:40 <harish>	yes.. pl :-)
Apr 20 16:10:03 -->	vivek (~vivek@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 16:10:07 <rodo>	I was fixing leaks in gtkhtml, preparing for the trip and working on reducing public APIs
Apr 20 16:10:57 <rodo>	I will arrive to Bangalore on Sunday and start working with Indian guys for 2 weeks
Apr 20 16:11:05 <harish>	rodo: we had a build provided to jeff with your fixes..and pnayak verified the fix in her setup
Apr 20 16:11:33 <harish>	rodo: we have your cubicle ready :-)
Apr 20 16:11:49 <rodo>	cool. I have to talk with JP about new gtkhtml release
Apr 20 16:11:59 <rodo>	harish: nice
Apr 20 16:12:06 <harish>	rodo, thanks
Apr 20 16:12:12 <harish>	andre, ?
Apr 20 16:12:12 *	rodo is looking forward to visit bangalore
Apr 20 16:12:13 <rodrigo>	rodo: how long are you staying, 2 weeks?
Apr 20 16:12:33 <rodo>	rodrigo: yes
Apr 20 16:12:44 <harish>	chen, ?
Apr 20 16:12:45 <andre>	nothing to say, only remembering that there are still about 140 bugs targetted <2.2 in bugzilla :-)
Apr 20 16:12:48 -->	dhm (~dmalcolm@nat-pool-bos.redhat.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 16:12:55 <rodo>	rodrigo: I guess we will meet the 2nd week ;-)
Apr 20 16:13:01 <rodrigo>	andre: yes, we're starting to clean them up
Apr 20 16:13:05 <rodrigo>	rodo: yes
Apr 20 16:13:13 <andre>	rodrigo: wonderfully :-)
Apr 20 16:13:29 <harish>	andre, the bangalore QA team is also working on triaging the bugs now 
Apr 20 16:13:37 <andre>	ah, nice.
Apr 20 16:14:12 <harish>	andre, thanks
Apr 20 16:14:21 <harish>	chen : updates ?
Apr 20 16:14:51 <harish>	dhm, ?
Apr 20 16:15:02 <chen>	harish, was fixing bugs, sent some solutions to the hackers list
Apr 20 16:15:27 <chen>	harish, and was testing recurrence patch for gw
Apr 20 16:15:29 -->	Dark (~Danuk@82-33-99-87.cable.ubr10.azte.blueyonder.co.uk) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 16:15:30 <dhm>	harish: wrote some python scripts for manipulating evolution's gconf data
Apr 20 16:15:36 <dhm>	http://lists.ximian.com/archives/public/evolution-hackers/2005-April/005427.html
Apr 20 16:15:49 <dhm>	markmc also did something similar: http://www.gnome.org/~markmc/blog/14042005
Apr 20 16:15:59 <chen>	harish, found some server issues, will have to fix defects regarding the same
Apr 20 16:16:09 <dhm>	(apologies for missing start of meeting)
Apr 20 16:16:34 <harish>	dhm: i read that on the list..nice
Apr 20 16:16:46 <dhm>	no one seemed to pick up on it
Apr 20 16:17:18 <dhm>	thanks, anyway
Apr 20 16:17:27 <harish>	dhm: could you write it up on the wiki pl. ?
Apr 20 16:17:40 -->	haip (~haip@61.49.234.111) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 20 16:17:42 <dhm>	harish: ok
Apr 20 16:18:08 <harish>	we would be probably be using the wiki as the single-point of communication to the hackers soon
Apr 20 16:18:17 <harish>	dhm : thanks
Apr 20 16:18:39 <harish>	dobey,  i guess you have been working with chen on the build buddy processes
Apr 20 16:19:14 <dobey>	i have answered questions from him appropriately, yes
Apr 20 16:19:54 <harish>	dobey, for now we would not be building snaps from the HEAD, right ?
Apr 20 16:20:42 <harish>	fejj, ?
Apr 20 16:21:07 <dobey>	i don't think anything is building currently. i can't even get to the build master. but i have not done any work to make HEAD snaps build. as i understand, that work is to be done by chen
Apr 20 16:21:41 <harish>	ok
Apr 20 16:21:47 <harish>	dobey, thanks
Apr 20 16:21:57 <fejj>	I've mostly been fixing little bugs I come across in bugzilla
Apr 20 16:21:57 <harish>	haip : any updates for us ?
Apr 20 16:22:09 <fejj>	and cleaning up bugzilla of useless bug reports
Apr 20 16:22:56 <harish>	fejj: thanks
Apr 20 16:22:58 <haip>	harish: no. Just back from a travel.
Apr 20 16:23:00 <harish>	pnayak, ?
Apr 20 16:23:05 <pnayak>	doing non functional testing,
Apr 20 16:23:10 <harish>	haip, ok
Apr 20 16:23:31 <pnayak>	almost done with exchange connector 'Calendar' bugs traiging
Apr 20 16:23:33 <dobey>	aside from that, I will be sending out a new mailer menus patch today, with a plan for updating the other components as well
Apr 20 16:24:07 <pnayak>	rest of the team has traiged many bugs in 'Evolution' 
Apr 20 16:24:29 <chen>	dobey, may need ur help for changing the configuration files to build rpms from head
Apr 20 16:24:41 <harish>	dobey, nice. the 2.4 wiki page misses some details on the ui work. i would love to have your inputs on that
Apr 20 16:25:04 <harish>	pnayak, your team is able to access all the bugs post-migration right ?
Apr 20 16:25:09 <pnayak>	QA team is also writting testcases for 'Mail', 'Calendar', 'Contacts' 
Apr 20 16:25:29 <harish>	they should be able to access the pvt bugs in bxc now
Apr 20 16:25:33 <pnayak>	yeah at present
Apr 20 16:25:42 <pnayak>	no issues in accessing bugzilla
Apr 20 16:25:49 <harish>	pnayak, thanks
Apr 20 16:26:07 <harish>	hpj: ?
Apr 20 16:26:20 <hpj>	pushed the evolution package for osx
Apr 20 16:26:29 <hpj>	wrote documentation on how to build evolution for osx
Apr 20 16:26:36 <hpj>	that's about it
Apr 20 16:26:47 <harish>	hpj: thanks
Apr 20 16:26:54 <harish>	i skipped myself, i guess
Apr 20 16:26:58 <rodrigo>	heh
Apr 20 16:27:11 <harish>	i wrapped up the gw recurrence cal work and submitted for review
Apr 20 16:27:36 <harish>	have been working with jeff frame (novell) and the QA team on non-functional testing and the issues therein
Apr 20 16:28:00 <harish>	also trying to do a bit of code reading on the plugins
Apr 20 16:28:08 <harish>	rodrigo, ?
Apr 20 16:28:26 <rodrigo>	not much last week since I was in boston, so just some patch review
Apr 20 16:28:35 <rodrigo>	now bug fixing and triaging
Apr 20 16:29:01 <harish>	cool. i will ping parag on your invitation letter tomorrow.. you should have it soon
Apr 20 16:29:07 <rodrigo>	cool
Apr 20 16:29:35 <harish>	tml, any updates for us ?
Apr 20 16:29:49 <tml>	hacking on libgnomeui, gnome-vfs. tracked one more difficult bug in ORBit2's linc2's implementation on Windows
Apr 20 16:30:23 <tml>	libgnomeui now has win32 bits committed, ditto gnome-vfs.
Apr 20 16:30:46 <harish>	tml, thanks. i guess we would be meeting at the guadec :-)
Apr 20 16:30:54 <harish>	vivek, ?
Apr 20 16:31:01 <vivek>	fixed and triaged some connector bugs, also worked with surf to figure out subtasks for the exchange button removal task
Apr 20 16:31:03 <tml>	found out where the /usr/share/mime/magic file comes from (freedesktop.org's shared-mime-data), ported that
Apr 20 16:31:17 <tml>	harish: yep
Apr 20 16:32:16 <harish>	tml: recently, eweek carried an article about Evolution on windows and your work in particular
Apr 20 16:32:34 <tml>	yes, nat forwarded the link. 
Apr 20 16:33:10 <harish>	guess, we have covered all of us. 
Apr 20 16:33:27 <harish>	anybody  wants to add something more ?
Apr 20 16:33:57 <rodrigo>	when are we opening HEAD?
Apr 20 16:35:00 <harish>	rodrigo, jpr has to confirm for sure.. the versioning changes are in, though
Apr 20 16:35:14 <harish>	and we are still in patch-review mode
Apr 20 16:36:11 <harish>	Thats it for now, i guess then...Thanks everyone.
Apr 20 16:36:56 <rodrigo>	bye
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Apr 20 16:37:02 2005

