<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<!--#set var="title" value="Evolution: IRC Meeting (2005-06-22)" -->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer" -->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml" -->

<html>
<head>
	<title>2005-06-22.txt</title>
	<meta name="generator" content="irclog2html.pl 2.1 by Jeff Waugh">
	<meta name="version" content="2.1 - 27th July, 2001">
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#ffffff"><tt>
<table cellspacing=3 cellpadding=2 border=0>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jun 22 15:19:12 2005</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:19:32 --&gt;varadhan (~varadhan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:23:42 --&gt;harish (~kharish@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:25:55 --&gt;srag (~sragavan@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:26:41 --&gt;sankar (~sankar@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:28:09 --&gt;NotZed (~notzed@ppp170-161.lns1.per1.internode.on.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:28:44 --&gt;mattb (~matt@60-234-142-59.bitstream.orcon.net.nz) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:29:14 --&gt;rodrigo (~rodrigo@211.Red-80-59-90.pooles.rima-tde.net) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:29:19 --&gt;ksh (~kaushal@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:29:47 --&gt;sush (~Sushma@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:30:16 &lt;NotZed&gt;yeah already here harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:30:25 &lt;harish&gt;hi NotZed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:30:51 --&gt;andre (~andre@81.209.204.117) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:30:54 &lt;varadhan&gt;present, Sir!!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:31:40 &lt;andre&gt;murn, could a log of this meeting please be put at the project page if possible...?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:32:05 &lt;harish&gt;andre: yes. vivek is updating it right after the meeting today :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:32:27 --&gt;tml (~tml@MMVIII.tun.saunalahti.fi) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:32:33 &lt;harish&gt;hi tml</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:32:41 &lt;harish&gt;lets get started then..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:32:46 &lt;tml&gt;greetings everybody</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:33:04 --&gt;guenther (~guenther@IP-213157009013.dialin.heagmedianet.de) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:33:18 &lt;andre&gt;hi guenther</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:33:27 &lt;guenther&gt;hi andre</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:33:54 &lt;harish&gt;updates from my side : we are due for 2.3.4 next week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:34:54 &lt;harish&gt;and unless anybody has must-fix updates on the stable branch, 2.2.3 would be our candidate for next weeks gnome stable release</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:35:36 &lt;harish&gt;gicmo is not here with us today ....so the first-cut CALDAV backend is available on a branch</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:35:55 &lt;harish&gt;we do not have a server yet to test against, though </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:35:57 &lt;harish&gt;:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:36:08 --&gt;shaheed (~shaheed@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:36:12 &lt;harish&gt;lets quickly get around the room ..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:36:15 &lt;harish&gt;andre, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:36:18 --&gt;nags_ (~nags@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:36:49 &lt;--andre has quit (...see you.)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:37:02 --&gt;andre (~andre@81.209.204.117) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:37:12 &lt;andre&gt;nothing particular, i'd just like to remember to bring in patches and to *please* solve as many bugs as possible of string translation meta bug 236276 because of the String Change Announcement Period next week...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:38:01 &lt;harish&gt;yes. i'd also like to remind ppl about the outage on the gnome servers next week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:38:15 &lt;harish&gt;so kindly get in all critical work earlier..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:38:29 &lt;harish&gt;thanks andre.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:38:32 &lt;harish&gt;ksh, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:38:36 &lt;ksh&gt;hey harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:38:45 &lt;harish&gt;oh..guenther : anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:38:46 &lt;ksh&gt;harish: gal is retired </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:39:18 &lt;harish&gt;the po changes are complete as well ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:39:22 &lt;guenther&gt;harish: Not, nothing that isn't visible in the usual places like mail lists and IRC.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:39:51 &lt;ksh&gt;harish: yep</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:39:55 &lt;ksh&gt;thanks to NotZed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:40:02 --&gt;chen (~chen@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:40:05 &lt;harish&gt;thanks. mattb ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:40:18 &lt;ksh&gt;NotZed: thanks for po migration</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:05 &lt;mattb&gt;just lurking</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:06 &lt;harish&gt;nags_, so we have the top priority bugs page in evo wiki now !! wanna tell us more about it ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:15 &lt;nags_&gt;harish: ya</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:21 &lt;nags_&gt;trying to cleanup unconfirmed bugs</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:21 &lt;nags_&gt;writing testcases for address book (LDAP, personal, groupwise, exchange, autocompletion, vcards)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:24 &lt;mattb&gt;I have the inline pgp patch which is nearly finished, but has a memory management bug </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:26 &lt;mattb&gt;that I'm stuck on</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:28 &lt;nags_&gt;<a href="http://go-evolution.org/Top_priority_bugs">http://go-evolution.org/Top_priority_bugs</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:39 &lt;mattb&gt;might have time to look at it again soon, but no hurry :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:41:43 &lt;nags_&gt;need to add some exchange bugs too :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:42:14 &lt;harish&gt;thanks mattb</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:42:28 &lt;harish&gt;NotZed, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:43:06 &lt;--andre has quit (...see you.)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:43:08 &lt;NotZed&gt;more stuff on the disksummary branch mainly.  a few patch reviews and so on, lists, etc</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:43:13 --&gt;andre_ (~andre@81.209.204.117) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:43:42 &lt;harish&gt;thx. pnayak ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:44:42 &lt;pnayak&gt;harish:proceed and come back to me later</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:44:54 &lt;harish&gt;ok. sankar: updates on the proxy feature for GW ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:44:57 &lt;sankar&gt;Working on proxy feature. Had an internal demo on the rudimentary features. Will be sending a mail to evolution-hackers shortly about the implementation details. Needs some more work to be committable.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:45:03 --&gt;shilpa_qa (~shilpa_qa@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:45:12 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish: hey, you missed me :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:45:14 &lt;harish&gt;great.</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:45:20 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish: today I've got something to add -&gt; <a href="http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=200821">http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=200821</a></tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:45:26 &lt;rodrigo&gt;it's a notes component for evo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:45:28 &lt;harish&gt;oops.. sorry amigo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:45:32 &lt;rodrigo&gt;:)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:45:45 &lt;harish&gt;wow!!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:46:30 *tml at first thought rodrigo meant Lotus Notes...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:46:39 *harish notices lengthy comments and needs to go over it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:46:39 &lt;rodrigo&gt;haven't tried it, but the code I've looked looks right, so maybe we want to get it into HEAD</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:46:50 &lt;harish&gt;sure</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:47:03 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish: see the last comment</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:47:53 &lt;harish&gt;i will follow that up. thanks rodrigo</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:48:00 &lt;rodrigo&gt;ok</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:48:13 &lt;harish&gt;shaheed, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:48:20 &lt;shaheed&gt;harish: have written some test cases for tasks and importer, sent it for review and waiting for comments from you and chen</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:48:36 &lt;shaheed&gt;got some suggestions from pnayak and incorporated the chages</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:48:58 &lt;shaheed&gt;also sent the test cases of importer to NotZed he is ok with the test cases</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:49:26 &lt;harish&gt;shaheed, cool. i would look into it by today and send my comments</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:49:29 &lt;harish&gt;thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:49:37 &lt;shaheed&gt;thanks harish</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:49:51 &lt;shaheed&gt;thanks NotZed</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:49:52 &lt;harish&gt;rodrigo, the patch uses gal..might need rework</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:50:19 &lt;rodrigo&gt;oh</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:50:23 &lt;harish&gt;shilpa_qa, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:50:36 &lt;harish&gt;rodrigo, though i hope not too much</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:50:47 &lt;shilpa_qa&gt;almost finished writing test cases for the mailer component</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:50:58 &lt;rodrigo&gt;harish: right, he did last patch against 2.3.3.1, not CVS</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:51:00 &lt;shilpa_qa&gt;triaging bugs and exploring on security</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:51:18 &lt;harish&gt;thanks</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:51:22 &lt;harish&gt;srag, ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:51:30 &lt;srag&gt;working on the image-resize, also trying to get daily snapshot rpms. Have to close on the attachment bar / expander stuff ;-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:52:31 &lt;harish&gt;sure.. great.. i hope i can resolve the build buddy issues in time to have the formal...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:52:36 &lt;harish&gt;snapshots roll-out going</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:52:47 &lt;srag&gt;:-)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:53:05 &lt;harish&gt;sush, anything for us ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:53:19 --&gt;shres (~sshreyas@202.144.86.147) has joined #evolution-meet</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:53:19 &lt;sush&gt;nothing much.. fixing some vcard related problems.. </tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:53:31 &lt;sush&gt;also some test case reviews</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:54:11 &lt;harish&gt;sush, chen : we also need to close on the distribution list expansion problem for the GW backend</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:55:01 &lt;harish&gt;srag, any leads on the gnome-print issue.. though i wonder whether it falls into evolution's turf in the first place</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:55:15 &lt;harish&gt;hi tml</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:55:20 *srag is yet to look into it</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:55:22 &lt;chen&gt;harish, will be testing that today against the groupwise win32 client</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:55:27 &lt;tml&gt;committed some stuff, been debugging some crashes, some progress on that but still a bit stuck. some gtk+ work</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:56:19 &lt;tml&gt;been wondering how hard it would be to be able to use msvc to compile this, so that purify would work</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:56:46 &lt;harish&gt;any of your gal patches that were not covered or missed out ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:56:53 &lt;tml&gt;no problem with that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:56:58 &lt;harish&gt;cool</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:57:14 &lt;harish&gt;varadhan, we have the helper classes in evo-# now :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:57:17 &lt;varadhan&gt;1) ecal# bindings, 2) also reading through NotZed's mail-remote plugin code, 3) Updated the evo-beagle requirements section with my comments (how possibly the features will be implemented). 4) fixed a crasher in evo-cal-conduits, (303702) (needs your approval to commit it) ;)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:57:39 *harish updates his TODO</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:57:47 &lt;harish&gt;i shall do that right after the meeting</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:58:01 &lt;varadhan&gt;harish, thanks :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:58:02 &lt;harish&gt;thanks varadhan</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:58:07 &lt;harish&gt;viren, ??</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:58:12 &lt;viren&gt;harish, patch for free/busy, now into delegate part...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:58:49 &lt;harish&gt;viren, cool. is it waiting for review ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:58:55 &lt;viren&gt;harish, chen will review the patch today</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:59:12 &lt;harish&gt;thanks. vivek ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:59:17 &lt;vivek&gt;had been working on making junk-filtering an external plugin, sent a patch, NotZed has suggested another cleaner way, trying that by writing a new hook</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 15:59:35 &lt;pnayak&gt;shall i update</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:00:10 &lt;harish&gt;vivek, thanks. also let srag know if there are any specific dependancies on the gnome-icon theme etc. for his..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:00:15 &lt;harish&gt;snapshots work ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:00:25 &lt;harish&gt;pnayak, sure</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:00:28 &lt;pnayak&gt;harish:Completed testcases for 'Delegate meeting' &amp; 'Proxy Settings', then traiged 'exchange connector' &amp; 'Calendar' bugs.   Installed 'Hula' latest rpm's, verified send &amp; receive mail in 'Evolution' using SMTP, IMAP &amp; POP</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:00:58 &lt;vivek&gt;harish, gnome-icon-theme? (did you mean for shared folder?)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:01:07 &lt;harish&gt;nice..would love to see blog updates/ screen shots</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:01:09 &lt;harish&gt;vivek, yes</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:01:16 &lt;vivek&gt;ok will do that</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:01:24 &lt;--shres has quit (Gnite)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:01:25 &lt;harish&gt;pnayak, thanks..</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:01:57 &lt;harish&gt;any thing else from anybody ?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:02:11 *tml will be on vacation next week</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:02:36 &lt;harish&gt;cool.. to some place warmer :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:02:39 &lt;harish&gt;?</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:02:40 &lt;tml&gt;(which is good timing if the gnome servers are borked anyway)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:02:50 &lt;tml&gt;yep, azores. not too warm, though</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:02:51 &lt;chen&gt;harish, committed the delegation support for personal calendar</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:02:58 &lt;NotZed&gt;hmm, warmer, sigh</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:03:04 &lt;harish&gt;chen : great</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:03:24 &lt;harish&gt;need some love for my gw recurrence patches too :)</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:03:37 &lt;harish&gt;i'll send in an updated version that will apply against the HEAD</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:03:47 &lt;harish&gt;that is it then for today...</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:03:53 &lt;harish&gt;thanks all, bye !!!</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:03:57 &lt;sankar&gt;harish: Every week, you can ask status in the reverse order of prev week [a-z -&gt; z-a -&gt; a-z]</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:03:58 &lt;rodrigo&gt;bye</tt></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan=2><tt>Jun 22 16:03:58 &lt;chen&gt;harish, we need them committed too</tt></td></tr>
</table>

<br>Generated by irclog2html.pl 2.1 by <a href="mailto:jdub@NOSPAMperkypants.org">Jeff Waugh</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/irclog2html.pl/">freshmeat.net</a>!
</tt></body></html>
<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->
