Dec 05 05:04:40 <chen>	Lets get started..
Dec 05 05:05:33 <chen>	We had the release of evolution-2.21.3 this week
Dec 05 05:05:57 <chen>	and srag had updated on our 2.22 progress 
Dec 05 05:06:30 <chen>	We have the API/ABI freeze coming up at the beginning of next month (Jan 7)
Dec 05 05:07:18 <chen>	i request everyone to commit the changes which require changes w.r.t API/ABI by this month to be comfortable
Dec 05 05:08:06 <chen>	We also have the UI and string announcement periods coming this month December 17th
Dec 05 05:08:42 <chen>	Updates from my end,
Dec 05 05:09:30 <chen>	Have been reviewing patches and am working on some bug fixes. Planning to implement viewing additional time zones in calendar view this week
Dec 05 05:10:22 <chen>	abharath: any updates ?
Dec 05 05:10:39 *	EvaSDK (eva@APuteaux-755-1-2-73.w90-35.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Dec 05 05:10:57 <mcrha>	chen, what "viewing additional time zones" means?
Dec 05 05:11:00 <abharath>	chen: working on PST importing. For smart cards, waiting for Nirav to give me a green signal to continue. 
Dec 05 05:11:21 <abharath>	chen: meanwhile interacting with the server admins for the setup
Dec 05 05:12:45 <chen>	mcrha: we have the timings for the local timezone which starts from 12:00 Am - 11:59 PM in the vertical pane in Day view
Dec 05 05:13:22 <chen>	mcrha: this will add another vetical pane where we would display the corresponding timings for another timezone selected
Dec 05 05:13:44 <mcrha>	ahh, ok
Dec 05 05:14:23 <chen>	mcrha: we would be listing the fav. timezones from the clock applet there along with others
Dec 05 05:14:37 <chen>	abharath: thanks
Dec 05 05:14:39 <jony>	chen: just wondering .. will this be somekinda plugin or part of main code .. 
Dec 05 05:14:42 <chen>	ashish: any updates?
Dec 05 05:15:01 <ashish>	hi chen, not much update from my side....i'm working on one of send options issue...
Dec 05 05:15:10 <psankar_afk>	mcrha, chen - something like http://brokenclay.org/images/calendar-big.png 
Dec 05 05:15:14 <psankar_afk>	?
Dec 05 05:15:25 *	psankar_afk is now known as psankar
Dec 05 05:15:37 <chen>	psankar: ur right
Dec 05 05:15:43 <mcrha>	chen, also, what will be the maximum number of displayed time zones? because not much place to show many timezones there
Dec 05 05:15:45 <psankar>	okies
Dec 05 05:15:58 <chen>	mcrha: only one additional timezone
Dec 05 05:16:06 <mcrha>	ahh, ok then
Dec 05 05:17:25 <chen>	jony: am thinking of writing it in the main code 
Dec 05 05:17:35 <chen>	EvaSDK: any updates ?
Dec 05 05:17:38 <jony>	chen: oki .. just wanted to know :)
Dec 05 05:18:34 <chen>	jony: ?
Dec 05 05:18:39 *	srag (~sragavan@123.236.219.179) has joined #evolution-meet
Dec 05 05:18:53 <srag>	Sorry to join late
Dec 05 05:18:59 <srag>	Just back from the hospital 
Dec 05 05:19:00 <psankar>	Hi srag . Chen was jsut conducting the meeting
Dec 05 05:19:04 <EvaSDK>	nope not this week
Dec 05 05:19:09 <srag>	sure chen, go ahead :)
Dec 05 05:19:10 <chen>	hi srag
Dec 05 05:19:22 <chen>	srag can take over :)
Dec 05 05:19:34 *	srag may not have the context, so please take over :)
Dec 05 05:19:42 <chen>	cool
Dec 05 05:19:44 <psankar>	chen, it is okay... u carry it forward
Dec 05 05:19:50 <chen>	kandepu: any updates ?
Dec 05 05:19:54 <jony>	chen: mapi work and a search + exchange patch rework :) 
Dec 05 05:20:14 <kandepu>	chen: nothing from my side
Dec 05 05:20:39 <chen>	jony: any plans for merging it with HEAD for 2.22 ?
Dec 05 05:21:05 <jony>	chen: not sure abt that ... srag can give a better answer  .. 
Dec 05 05:21:05 <srag>	chen, only if the licensing issues are cleared
Dec 05 05:21:14 <jony>	yep
Dec 05 05:21:23 <srag>	Im confident about the stability, feature complete by feb end
Dec 05 05:21:36 <srag>	but, not so much progress on the licensing front
Dec 05 05:21:40 <chen>	we need to get the API's in before jan 7
Dec 05 05:21:54 <srag>	chen, It wont break/add any apis directly
Dec 05 05:22:02 <srag>	libexchangemapi wont be a API interface either
Dec 05 05:22:24 <srag>	just that this would be a feature, since feature freeze starts
Dec 05 05:22:37 <chen>	yeah
Dec 05 05:22:44 <jony>	wenz the feature freeze .. feb ? 
Dec 05 05:22:58 <chen>	i was about ask that since feature freeze comes in Jan 14
Dec 05 05:23:16 <srag>	chen, so Im playing low for this for 2.22, but confident that packagers can still add it as a add-on rpm
Dec 05 05:24:17 <chen>	fine, prolly we can make it available in some repository for people to download and try it if it does not make it in for 2.22, is that right ?
Dec 05 05:24:27 <srag>	yep
Dec 05 05:24:30 <chen>	mcrha: any updates ?
Dec 05 05:24:31 <chen>	cool
Dec 05 05:24:43 <mcrha>	sure, but lakhil will say something too?
Dec 05 05:25:01 <lakhil>	mcrha,  nothing for this week :)
Dec 05 05:25:08 <lakhil>	mcrha, you can go ahead 
Dec 05 05:25:15 <chen>	lakhil: sorry for missing you
Dec 05 05:25:35 <mcrha>	we have configure plugin in tabs in trunk, so if you maintain any plugin (jony) and you want to have it's configuration there, so go ahead
Dec 05 05:25:40 <lakhil>	chen, np :)
Dec 05 05:25:56 <jony>	mcrha: cool 
Dec 05 05:25:58 <psankar>	mcrha, jony : already dobe
Dec 05 05:25:59 <psankar>	*done
Dec 05 05:26:01 <mcrha>	not sure if to open new bug for that or not - to track all plugins config thing there
Dec 05 05:26:02 <srag>	awesome 
Dec 05 05:26:07 <jony>	psankar: nice ! :) 
Dec 05 05:26:22 <chen>	cool!
Dec 05 05:26:26 <srag>	it would be nice, if one can spend some preference pane and redesign with this in mind
Dec 05 05:26:36 <srag>	any volunteers for this will be nice
Dec 05 05:26:38 <chen>	psankar: is the code in ?
Dec 05 05:26:41 <mcrha>	otherwise srag put me some tasks to do, a few features
Dec 05 05:26:46 <psankar>	srag, mcrha I wanted to suggest if we can have a bugzilla component for EPlugin ?
Dec 05 05:26:57 <psankar>	chen, yup. I committed it today morning
Dec 05 05:27:04 <chen>	psankar: great!
Dec 05 05:27:19 <srag>	psankar, It is a keyword/status-whiteboard now
Dec 05 05:27:23 <jony>	mcrha : u r working on that new mail notify ui movement .. rite ? 
Dec 05 05:27:27 <mcrha>	so I have a list of things to do, one by one. Some involves preferences too
Dec 05 05:27:33 <psankar>	srag, "Automatic Contacts" is being shaken now 
Dec 05 05:27:35 <srag>	psankar, you have a need for it? We can discuss it. 
Dec 05 05:27:37 <mcrha>	jony, yes, too
Dec 05 05:27:41 <srag>	psankar, cool
Dec 05 05:27:51 <psankar>	srag, I guess it makes querying and tracking a little easier
Dec 05 05:28:05 <srag>	psankar, we can discuss that later
Dec 05 05:28:08 <jony>	mcrha: i added a bug # in comments .. that has to be included when the ui work happens :)
Dec 05 05:28:10 <psankar>	though I must admit that I have not used the status keyword much though
Dec 05 05:28:23 <mcrha>	jony, yead, I noticed
Dec 05 05:28:27 <chen>	psankar: we may to need to categorize of how much of it will belong to just plugins
Dec 05 05:28:29 <jony>	mcrha: nice :)
Dec 05 05:28:55 <chen>	since there might be some work  needed which may be component specific 
Dec 05 05:29:01 <mcrha>	jony, my chain of todo is longer and longer :)
Dec 05 05:29:11 <jony>	mcrha: ah . i can c that ;-) 
Dec 05 05:29:36 <psankar>	chen, yeah.... we should add eplugin keywords to all possible bugs then
Dec 05 05:29:42 <psankar>	*keyword
Dec 05 05:29:51 *	varadhan is now known as varadhan|bbl
Dec 05 05:29:57 <srag>	psankar, lets take this offline
Dec 05 05:30:03 <chen>	ok
Dec 05 05:30:04 <psankar>	okies
Dec 05 05:30:07 <mcrha>	and last thing from my side, srag put me to labels for mails thing, so if everything will go smooth, then it will be done in 2 weeks. Not sure if I can do it or not, so we will see
Dec 05 05:30:26 <psankar>	mcrha, from waht I could remember it should be sufficient 
Dec 05 05:30:59 *	mcrha will ask around for help :)
Dec 05 05:31:07 <chen>	psankar: any updates ?
Dec 05 05:31:20 <mcrha>	...when get lost
Dec 05 05:31:21 <psankar>	chen, Been reading a little about Gnome lock-down. will have to discuss with Federico before I begin with UAM. Ear pain is keeping me afk. 
Dec 05 05:31:54 <srag>	psankar, I don't see a dependency there
Dec 05 05:31:57 <psankar>	mcrha, i had(ve) some bad memories with that code .. I hope it will do some good for you atleast
Dec 05 05:32:06 <chen>	psankar: thanks
Dec 05 05:32:21 <mcrha>	psankar, you mean to just look on those patches but do it myself?
Dec 05 05:32:23 <chen>	schooms: any updates ?
Dec 05 05:32:35 <schooms>	chen: yes.. been working on fetching message body in MAPI.. thats done/committed... just finished a couple more utility functions in servers/mapi .. will be cleaning up some more APIs this week :)
Dec 05 05:32:46 <psankar>	srag, no dependancy there. just wanted to know if we should move accoutns thing out of gconf for lockign, if so our UAM will become obsolete then
Dec 05 05:32:57 <psankar>	srag, just that I dont understand the locking part...
Dec 05 05:33:05 <chen>	schooms: gr8!
Dec 05 05:33:14 <srag>	psankar, I'll explain lockdown to you tomorrow at office :)
Dec 05 05:33:17 <psankar>	mcrha, nope nothing like that... any questions any time, you can ask me
Dec 05 05:33:26 <srag>	psankar, lets get the UAM started
Dec 05 05:33:35 <psankar>	srag, oh okay
Dec 05 05:33:40 <mcrha>	psankar, sure, I will, I'm definitely sure I will get lost :0
Dec 05 05:33:43 <chen>	updates from maintainer ? :)
Dec 05 05:33:48 <psankar>	mcrha, :)
Dec 05 05:34:26 <chen>	srag: ^^
Dec 05 05:34:27 <srag>	chen, mostly spent my time at hospital with my son. and just got him discharged 
Dec 05 05:34:28 <psankar>	srag, ^^^
Dec 05 05:34:49 <srag>	otherwise, sterday night, I got crash-recovery almost dont
Dec 05 05:34:50 <chen>	srag: hope he gets better very soon
Dec 05 05:34:53 <srag>	s/dont/done
Dec 05 05:35:05 <psankar>	Current Bangalore weather is doing no good to anyone i guess *shrug*
Dec 05 05:35:11 <chen>	srag: thanks great!
Dec 05 05:35:16 <srag>	I also added a patch to disable magic-spacebar (I have heard that from lots of guys including Miguel)
Dec 05 05:35:23 <srag>	otherwise just MAPI works and some plannings
Dec 05 05:35:43 <srag>	and patch reviews
Dec 05 05:36:06 <chen>	srag: someone in the channel was very happy using the magic space bar
Dec 05 05:36:31 <chen>	i don remember his nick. May be can it be provided as an option in prederences ?
Dec 05 05:36:31 <srag>	but, few people didn't like since it still has bugs :)
Dec 05 05:36:37 <srag>	chen, it is 
Dec 05 05:36:45 <chen>	srag: nice
Dec 05 05:36:59 <chen>	srinidhi: any updates?
Dec 05 05:37:09 <srinidhi>	chen: nope.. :)
Dec 05 05:38:03 <chen>	Thats it for today and if anyone has any concerns just ping srag right here now :)
Dec 05 05:38:12 <srag>	:)
Dec 05 05:38:21 <chen>	thanks all

