Dec 12 05:02:40 <srag>	Hello everyone,
Dec 12 05:03:05 <srag>	We are having 2.21.4 release coming monday
Dec 12 05:03:22 <srag>	as well as our UI/String announce starting at the same time
Dec 12 05:03:43 <srag>	So in all patch reviews/commits be cautious to announce them properly
Dec 12 05:04:11 <srag>	unfortunatly some of our core features are still outside the trunk 
Dec 12 05:04:16 *	ashish (~ashish@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Dec 12 05:04:30 <srag>	(non-intrusive errors, labels etc...)
Dec 12 05:04:58 *	abharath (~abharath@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Dec 12 05:05:06 <srag>	Another good thing is that the patches came down below 70 for the first time (It is 69 as of now)
Dec 12 05:05:17 <srag>	Lets get this close to zero
Dec 12 05:05:32 <srag>	I have marked a few patches for review/testing and please ensure that you do it before 2.21.4
Dec 12 05:06:10 <srag>	Otherwise, I have started working on intrusive errors and It would have a integrated log manager which Im writing now
Dec 12 05:06:25 <srag>	the first cut of work for 2.22 would be around mailer only
Dec 12 05:06:38 <srag>	and Im sure that I can extend to other components in the further releases
Dec 12 05:07:13 <srag>	So 2.22 "will" feature better error handling and "may" have a log/debug console (Not sure, if I can make it)
Dec 12 05:07:18 *	lakhil (~akhil@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Dec 12 05:07:39 <andre>	srag: can you come up with a UI draft picture for the log manager?
Dec 12 05:07:44 <srag>	Otherwise, I'm following the mail andre sent with my Management 
Dec 12 05:07:56 <srag>	andre, sure. I would post it asap :)
Dec 12 05:08:27 *	andre still has the UI of "The Bat 1.x" in mind for log messages
Dec 12 05:09:03 <srag>	I'm sure the correctness/errors part in user docs is something that can be fixed/taken care  
Dec 12 05:09:05 <srag>	andre, didn't get you
Dec 12 05:09:27 <srag>	but I'm not sure, how to take care of the issues of svn commits vs Frame Sync
Dec 12 05:09:33 <andre>	just meant i can perhaps also post a UI draft
Dec 12 05:09:43 <andre>	why does novell use framemaker?
Dec 12 05:09:55 <srag>	andre, if you have some thought on the UI, do post me :)
Dec 12 05:10:37 <andre>	just to prepare a pdf? if so, dblatex should also work perfectly to create a pdf from the docbook sources
Dec 12 05:10:40 <srag>	andre, I really donno, it is the tool Entire Novell documentation team uses. for every product
Dec 12 05:10:59 <andre>	also for *other* community products?
Dec 12 05:11:25 <srag>	andre, If there are better ways to manipulate Evolution doc's xml file, lemme know (dblatex ?)
Dec 12 05:12:03 <srag>	or something else?
Dec 12 05:12:45 <andre>	manipulate? a good question for the gnome doc team. i guess nobody has paid for framemaker there, and they still can write docs ;-)
Dec 12 05:12:55 <srag>	andre, I think we can move the discussion to the end of the meeting, so that we can finish the other agendas. (I'm sure I will address it in the best possible way) 
Dec 12 05:13:10 <andre>	...or to the mailing list, yepp. sure :)
Dec 12 05:13:22 <srag>	andre, any thing to share with us (apart from the mail ;-)
Dec 12 05:14:07 <marvin_lost___>	andre, I heard from Radhika some time back taht Framemaker's main advantage si single-sourcing it can generate xml, PDF, diffxml, HTML etc.
Dec 12 05:14:43 <andre>	...not really. i posted a meta bug (502515) about user-visible strings and which ones could be improved. feel free to comment/add/read/fix (but keep string announcement period in mind)
Dec 12 05:15:10 <srag>	andre, saw that. thx I will carry that on
Dec 12 05:15:17 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:15:31 <srag>	abharath, can you commit the smart card thingy to trunk for 2.21.4?
Dec 12 05:15:40 <abharath>	srag: nothing much. just trying to get some details from the Singapore team on the server configuration
Dec 12 05:15:58 <abharath>	srag: i guess no. without it being tested properly cannot do that
Dec 12 05:16:18 <srag>	ok.
Dec 12 05:16:23 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:16:37 <srag>	ashish, is the custom headers thingy getting in?
Dec 12 05:16:46 <srag>	I think we need to take it aggressively 
Dec 12 05:16:51 <ashish>	srag, I'm working on custom header. Working on to provide support of configuration file for custom header through Gconf. facing some complexities, soon, i'll resolve..
Dec 12 05:16:58 <ashish>	srag, no..
Dec 12 05:17:12 <srag>	ashish, I feel that we have to get it for 2.21.4
Dec 12 05:17:29 <marvin_lost___>	srag, I'll be extremely -ve about that
Dec 12 05:17:40 <srag>	marvin_lost___, any issues?
Dec 12 05:17:53 <marvin_lost___>	srag, I dont think it will be in a commitable shape by Monday
Dec 12 05:18:14 <srag>	marvin_lost___, I said we need to take it aggressively
Dec 12 05:18:28 <ashish>	srag, yes...but i'm facing some issue..so, feel difficult for 2.21.4
Dec 12 05:18:37 <srag>	ashish, lets speak after the meeting
Dec 12 05:18:45 <ashish>	srag, ok
Dec 12 05:18:47 <marvin_lost___>	srag, got it... we need to be much more aggressive than we are
Dec 12 05:18:53 *	chen wonders who is marvin_lost___
Dec 12 05:18:59 <schooms>	sankar
Dec 12 05:19:08 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:19:11 <chen>	cool :)
Dec 12 05:19:13 <marvin_lost___>	btu just that my paranoid midn thinks that it may not be possible for 2.21.4
Dec 12 05:19:19 <marvin_lost___>	chen, oops... didint realize that
Dec 12 05:19:22 *	marvin_lost___ is now known as psankar
Dec 12 05:19:48 <chen>	srag: Have been reviewing some patches and some groupwise fixes which needs to be committed. Will be commiting the patch to view additional timezones this week along with displaying favorite timezones from clockapplet in timezone dialog.
Dec 12 05:19:48 <chen>	srag: Have been reviewing some patches and some groupwise fixes which needs to be committed. Will be commiting the patch to view additional timezones this week along with displaying favorite timezones from clockapplet in timezone dialog.
Dec 12 05:20:09 <chen>	apart from that, I will be writing a patch to integrate send/receive to refresh calendars... 
Dec 12 05:20:20 <srag>	chen, that will be nice
Dec 12 05:20:22 <chen>	currently reviewing the patch to inherit alarms, bug 225712. 
Dec 12 05:20:36 <chen>	mcrha: plz get in touch with srag on  tne non-intrusive error dialog which needs to be taken care as part of 305322
Dec 12 05:20:57 <mcrha>	me?
Dec 12 05:20:58 <srag>	intlclock-applet integration would be nice, but be cautious the trunk clock may not feature the same as  what you use :)
Dec 12 05:21:15 <chen>	 getting in touch with ebby on the feature completion front for google calendar
Dec 12 05:21:20 <srag>	cool.
Dec 12 05:21:26 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:21:37 <jony>	srag: good progress with mapi connector. and for the dot release i have 4 patches to review in under my list.
Dec 12 05:22:03 <chen>	srag: yeah once the clock-applet patch is integrated it would work fine 
Dec 12 05:22:06 <jony>	srag: most of the planned work in servers/mapi is done .. so moving to camel to get more functionality up and running.
Dec 12 05:22:08 <srag>	jony, get aggressive on the patches, since you should have buffer for reworks as well (Don't review at the last minute :)
Dec 12 05:22:20 <srag>	jony, cool
Dec 12 05:22:25 <jony>	srag: sure .. i'll do that 
Dec 12 05:22:29 <srag>	thx
Dec 12 05:22:33 <chen>	mcrha: yes
Dec 12 05:22:35 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:22:50 <lakhil>	srag, bug triaging , test case writing , smart card set up and some testing stuff with respect group wise back end 
Dec 12 05:23:07 <chen>	mcrha: its about the calendars getting unchecked when eds crashes
Dec 12 05:23:23 <srag>	thx lakhil 
Dec 12 05:23:32 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:23:33 <mcrha>	chen, ok, I see, will look your comment there later
Dec 12 05:23:41 <chen>	fine
Dec 12 05:23:54 <mcrha>	sure srag, if everything goess mooth, then label will be till the end of this week
Dec 12 05:24:04 <srag>	Amazing.
Dec 12 05:24:12 <mcrha>	UI is almost done, just extend filters
Dec 12 05:24:20 <mcrha>	and test, of course
Dec 12 05:24:21 <srag>	I wish it goes smooth. (Guys don't disturb mcrha this week ;-)
Dec 12 05:24:32 <psankar>	I defintely wont ;)
Dec 12 05:24:42 <mcrha>	but the patch will be long, really
Dec 12 05:24:45 <jony>	mcrha: UI like : [label1][label2] my subject line ? 
Dec 12 05:24:56 <srag>	jony, later 
Dec 12 05:25:01 <jony>	srag: okie :) 
Dec 12 05:25:04 <mcrha>	jony, no, the entry in edit->prefs
Dec 12 05:25:17 <jony>	mcrha: oki (later as srag said :) )
Dec 12 05:25:25 <psankar>	IIRC my code added a new column Labels 
Dec 12 05:25:36 <psankar>	for viewing them in message list
Dec 12 05:25:36 <mcrha>	I will comment in my post why I did something, so you will be able to see my thoughts
Dec 12 05:25:51 <mcrha>	otherwise, trying other simple bugs, but not much, just for fun :)
Dec 12 05:26:00 <srag>	mcrha, thx.
Dec 12 05:26:32 <mcrha>	psankar, I left it there, right now using for testing :)
Dec 12 05:26:41 <srag>	mcrha, keep me updated, incase, If I have to delay the release a bit for you to push your feature, I would be in favour of that
Dec 12 05:26:49 <srag>	lets hope it goes all fine
Dec 12 05:27:06 <psankar>	mcrha, okay
Dec 12 05:27:10 <mcrha>	maybe tomorrow evening, not sure about progress
Dec 12 05:27:23 <srag>	sure
Dec 12 05:27:30 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:28:13 <psankar>	srag, committed some code to EDS and evo for not forgetting passwds
Dec 12 05:28:22 <psankar>	srag, needs soem review/testing on the LDAP front
Dec 12 05:28:24 <srag>	saw that. Nice thing really IMO
Dec 12 05:28:36 <srag>	this release should fetch you that
Dec 12 05:28:50 <srag>	psankar, can you commit your mono-plugins work?
Dec 12 05:28:58 <psankar>	hmm okay. But I will suggest some kinda review on that before the realese
Dec 12 05:29:01 <psankar>	LDAP ^^^
Dec 12 05:29:12 <psankar>	srag, Sure thing. It will be in for thsi release
Dec 12 05:29:12 <srag>	psankar, sure
Dec 12 05:29:19 <psankar>	probably with a sample plugin if time permits
Dec 12 05:29:28 <srag>	psankar, also watch our the patches I have pinged you
Dec 12 05:29:35 <srag>	psankar, that would be even great
Dec 12 05:30:04 <psankar>	srag, I will see what I can do the best. but I might be on vaca. let us see
Dec 12 05:30:20 <srag>	psankar, any chance you can complete your "7 easy steps for a EPlugin" getting some shape?
Dec 12 05:30:42 <psankar>	srag, if I can get some time for working on plugins ... :) but really that is a bad excuse on my part
Dec 12 05:30:54 *	mcrha guesses it will be 8, with config-in-tabs
Dec 12 05:31:01 <srag>	:)
Dec 12 05:31:14 <psankar>	srag, what my grand vision was (or is) is writing a plugin thorugh 7 clicks and nto 7 steps
Dec 12 05:31:26 <psankar>	where the skeleton code should be auto-gen-ned
Dec 12 05:31:48 <srag>	ok.
Dec 12 05:31:55 <psankar>	with a link to camel-docs and othe API docs etc.
Dec 12 05:32:05 <srag>	I atleast want some momentum on the plugins side, with good docs and links etc
Dec 12 05:32:14 <abharath>	psankar: that would be a treat for everyone i'm sure
Dec 12 05:32:17 <srag>	if you can get that, it is a big win for us
Dec 12 05:32:38 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:32:40 <psankar>	couldnt agree more. but still got some other priorities for me sadly :(
Dec 12 05:32:46 <psankar>	abharath, yeah it should
Dec 12 05:32:47 <srag>	k
Dec 12 05:32:48 <schooms>	srag: nothing new this week... like I mentioned - have cleaned up most of the APIs in servers/mapi (valgrind test pending) ... all the memory leaks I could find are fixed.. hope to see some of the APIs we need in libmapi soon ;) else, I'll resume my backend work !! 
Dec 12 05:33:03 <srag>	ok.
Dec 12 05:33:12 <srag>	srinidhi, anything to share with us?
Dec 12 05:33:35 <srag>	schooms, you need to get some of your pending calendar/exchange patches reviewed (I remember one on the pending list)
Dec 12 05:33:53 <schooms>	ping chen ;)
Dec 12 05:34:15 <srag>	offline schooms 
Dec 12 05:34:23 <schooms>	srag: there are a couple of patches which got reviewed.. 
Dec 12 05:34:30 <srag>	ok
Dec 12 05:34:30 <schooms>	some more left, i guess
Dec 12 05:34:35 <srag>	anything else to discuss?
Dec 12 05:34:39 <chen>	schooms: I was looking at it, will be approving after testing
Dec 12 05:34:46 <schooms>	sure thing !
Dec 12 05:34:57 <srag>	Can we a hackfest this time ?
Dec 12 05:35:00 <srag>	any thoughts?
Dec 12 05:35:09 <srag>	any volunteers to organise?
Dec 12 05:35:19 <chen>	schooms: Is there any other patch waiting apart from that ?
Dec 12 05:35:37 <schooms>	chen: i'll check and let you know
Dec 12 05:35:39 <schooms>	:)
Dec 12 05:35:42 <chen>	ok
Dec 12 05:36:46 <srag>	Oh, no body wants it, no body wants to volunteer for it?
Dec 12 05:37:18 <srag>	I was thinking of having something next week or so :(
Dec 12 05:37:28 <andre>	feature freeze is on January 14. should be before :)
Dec 12 05:37:39 <jony>	srag: ah . before the holiday season .
Dec 12 05:37:39 <srag>	andre, next week :)
Dec 12 05:37:53 <srag>	may be next tuesday or so
Dec 12 05:38:08 <srag>	mcrha, psankar chen ?
Dec 12 05:38:09 <jony>	tuesday is good 
Dec 12 05:38:10 *	chen will be out of station from next week upto 2nd
Dec 12 05:38:38 <mcrha>	me not, srag, I'm just a little coder
Dec 12 05:38:38 *	psankar too most likely
Dec 12 05:39:04 <srag>	ah!
Dec 12 05:39:17 <srag>	how about the first week of Jan?
Dec 12 05:39:27 <srag>	still before the feature freeze
Dec 12 05:39:40 *	jony off on vacation at that time :( (dec 21st to jan 13 )
Dec 12 05:40:01 <psankar>	lol
Dec 12 05:40:03 <srag>	bad time 
Dec 12 05:40:25 <jony>	srag: jan 3rd / 4th ? 
Dec 12 05:40:30 <srag>	ok guys, I wanted to have  a EPlugin hack day or so
Dec 12 05:40:38 <srinidhi>	srag: sorry was afk!! nothing from my side
Dec 12 05:40:50 <srag>	I'm ok on anyday
Dec 12 05:40:55 <psankar>	srag, no wait. We need to spend some tiem on the framework before having a hack-day on eplugins
Dec 12 05:41:05 <srag>	I can take a day off fdrom my vacation to join the hackfest
Dec 12 05:41:12 <srinidhi>	psankar: and some doc updates too.. ;)
Dec 12 05:41:16 <srag>	psankar, I thought, this would initiate to get that ;-)
Dec 12 05:41:22 <psankar>	srag, yup ... undoubtedly :)
Dec 12 05:41:30 <psankar>	srag, hmm okay
Dec 12 05:41:42 <srag>	so. when can we have it
Dec 12 05:41:53 <psankar>	not before mid-January imho
Dec 12 05:41:57 <srag>	==> when can you make it ;-)
Dec 12 05:42:04 <srag>	then not for 2.22
Dec 12 05:42:30 <srag>	Ok. lets take it later then.
Dec 12 05:42:34 <psankar>	okay
Dec 12 05:42:38 <srag>	anything else ot discuss?
Dec 12 05:42:40 <andre>	(i'd put higher priority on a "fix crashers with "stacktrace" keyword" hackday, perhaps later in the cycle. oh cool, thanks guys.)
Dec 12 05:43:13 <srag>	andre, nice proposal
Dec 12 05:43:24 <srag>	I second that
Dec 12 05:43:36 <andre>	there's enough useful crasher reports for everyone
Dec 12 05:43:54 <jony>	anyday after jan 15 :) 
Dec 12 05:44:00 <srag>	sure.
Dec 12 05:44:20 <srag>	we can plan for this surely
Dec 12 05:44:28 <srag>	late Jan should be fine
Dec 12 05:44:58 <psankar>	andre, that should be highly useful /me agrees
Dec 12 05:45:23 *	srag notes it as an AI 
Dec 12 05:45:38 <srag>	anything more?
Dec 12 05:46:11 <srag>	bye everyone. see you all next week

