Aug 20 12:03:00 <srag>	Hello guys
Aug 20 12:03:12 <seb128>	hey srag
Aug 20 12:03:22 <srag>	We had 2.23.90 released on monday and 2.23.90.1 for e-d-s
Aug 20 12:03:24 <chen>	hi srag 
Aug 20 12:03:25 <srag>	hey seb128 
Aug 20 12:03:42 <srag>	literally I had to rush the release for e-d-s before it breaks more mboxes
Aug 20 12:04:17 <srag>	but otherwise, disk summary is better now (with some more issues pending)
Aug 20 12:04:39 <srag>	I might be benchmarking the memory/speed of 2.24 with old version and try to share some data on it
Aug 20 12:04:51 <srag>	how fast/slow and light/heavy we are now
Aug 20 12:05:14 <srag>	but definitely this should be fast, as I have heard some random inputs 
Aug 20 12:05:25 *	plaes (~plaes@ns.store20.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Aug 20 12:05:26 <srag>	apart from the newness (issues) it brings in
Aug 20 12:05:42 <srag>	thx for all the testers and fixes
Aug 20 12:06:06 <srag>	next week is Novell Hackweek and most of us might be idle, or busy
Aug 20 12:06:13 <mcrha>	does anybody else than you and psankar fixes things there? ;)
Aug 20 12:06:29 <srag>	mcrha, of course you did a few and plaes did one iirc :)
Aug 20 12:06:31 *	mcrha can be idle if requested
Aug 20 12:06:48 <mcrha>	oh, do not count me :)
Aug 20 12:06:51 <srag>	mcrha, Im not your manager ;-)
Aug 20 12:07:08 <mcrha>	yeah, that's right :)
Aug 20 12:07:27 <srag>	thre are some regressions in MVC, disco->offline folder which chen is taking up
Aug 20 12:07:49 <srag>	apart from that, I dont see a huge blocker for 2.23.x
Aug 20 12:08:03 <chen>	srag, yeah
Aug 20 12:08:04 <srag>	ping me, shout to me, if you see something, that I dont see :)
Aug 20 12:08:19 <srag>	lets go around the channel
Aug 20 12:08:24 <srag>	andre, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:08:48 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:09:17 <abharath>	srag: Just got 2.23.90 working on Windows. Installers due in sometime
Aug 20 12:09:38 <srag>	cool.. am I going to announce 2.23.90 with a windows binary also ?
Aug 20 12:09:39 <srag>	today
Aug 20 12:09:48 <abharath>	srag: as discussed have built them with debuginfo.
Aug 20 12:09:55 <srag>	thatz awesome
Aug 20 12:10:21 <abharath>	srag: depends :) if not today latest by tomorrow morning
Aug 20 12:10:23 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:10:26 <srag>	abharath, ok
Aug 20 12:10:41 <srag>	ashish, congrats on your wedding engagement :-)
Aug 20 12:10:44 <ashish>	srag, nothing much, started with some addressbook issue for MAPI...
Aug 20 12:10:50 <ashish>	srag, thanks a lot...:)
Aug 20 12:10:57 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:11:10 <chen>	srag, got the mvc cleanups comitted. Putting the c# providers code into a new module eds-sharp, will be comitting them in gitoirous today or tomorrow. Planning to complete it during the hackweek. Currently just going through the dice design...
Aug 20 12:11:17 <chen>	srag, will be fixing the disco folder issue and b&a calendar issue after that...
Aug 20 12:11:43 <psankar>	chen, awesome
Aug 20 12:11:54 <srag>	chen, ok. the disco issue is important.. since it will never leave you off the crash, when you start evo
Aug 20 12:11:55 <chen>	psankar, thanks :)
Aug 20 12:11:56 <psankar>	chen, lemme know once the gitorous thing is done
Aug 20 12:12:03 <chen>	psankar, sure!!
Aug 20 12:12:03 <srag>	chen, otherwise.. awesome progress
Aug 20 12:12:21 <chen>	srag, yeah, will get it done today
Aug 20 12:12:25 <srag>	cool.
Aug 20 12:12:53 <chen>	srag, was planning to complete it yes. but just noticed a bug w.r.t timezone and got a fix done for that..
Aug 20 12:13:05 <srag>	guys, DICE is a framework to get integrated with ICECore Teaming server, and chen is doing some work towards getting it integrated with Evolution
Aug 20 12:13:23 <srag>	just incase, wondering what DICE is 
Aug 20 12:13:32 <chen>	:)
Aug 20 12:13:41 <srag>	kandepu, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:13:56 <kandepu>	srag, nothing much been busy in bug triaging in bnc and some MAPI testing
Aug 20 12:14:02 <srag>	cool.
Aug 20 12:14:07 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:14:13 <lakhil>	srag, bug triaging, nothing much 
Aug 20 12:14:21 <chen>	DICE also interfaces with microsofts sharepoint server...
Aug 20 12:14:21 <srag>	lakhil, any top issues?
Aug 20 12:14:31 <lakhil>	nope 
Aug 20 12:14:35 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us 
Aug 20 12:14:45 <lakhil>	srag, you are aware of most of them
Aug 20 12:14:47 <mcrha>	hi, the http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=544187 became a blocker, it would be great to have it fixed before the next release. Also the 
Aug 20 12:15:18 <mcrha>	b&a mentioned by chen above would be great to fix
Aug 20 12:15:31 <mcrha>	I tried to investigate there a bit, yeasterday
Aug 20 12:16:22 <srag>	mcrha, are you looking at 544187 ?
Aug 20 12:16:31 <mcrha>	otherwise nothing, I think. It seems we are more and more under some freezes, thus I'll move soon to read the stacktraces or something
Aug 20 12:16:33 <chen>	srag, mcrha, i will get a fix for the blocker
Aug 20 12:16:51 <mcrha>	srag, no, we have chat with chen and he'll look at it
Aug 20 12:16:57 <srag>	oh ok. 
Aug 20 12:17:07 <srag>	mcrha, good. :-)
Aug 20 12:17:09 <chen>	i wanted to get that in after the mvc cleanup as they were in the same area
Aug 20 12:17:11 <srag>	plaes, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:17:17 <srag>	chen, ok.
Aug 20 12:18:03 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:18:20 <psankar>	srag, Yes. Something for everyone. The analysis for license change is going fine. In a few days, I will start commiting the changes for some files.
Aug 20 12:18:20 *	chen is now known as chen_brb
Aug 20 12:18:32 <srag>	psankar, thatz awesome news...
Aug 20 12:19:01 *	chen_brb is planning to learn something about the licenses from psankar  :)
Aug 20 12:19:07 <psankar>	srag, and I am in the process of requesting committers agreement to licensing (if they have not given copyright submission form)
Aug 20 12:19:25 <srag>	ok.
Aug 20 12:19:32 <psankar>	chen_brb, sure. It is entertaining, amusing and lnteresting
Aug 20 12:19:39 <srag>	psankar, I know ;-)
Aug 20 12:19:42 <chen_brb>	lol
Aug 20 12:19:44 <psankar>	*interesting
Aug 20 12:19:49 <psankar>	srag, one more thing
Aug 20 12:20:10 <psankar>	srag, I was looking at some desktop-devel discussion regarding code indentation
Aug 20 12:20:16 <srag>	yep
Aug 20 12:20:31 <psankar>	srag, and it will be nice, if we decide upon the "indent " command that we should use for evolution and eds sources and
Aug 20 12:20:44 <psankar>	srag, make it part of HACKING file and use it format all our sources.
Aug 20 12:20:49 <srag>	psankar, sure.. but not during 2.23.90
Aug 20 12:21:02 <srag>	psankar, may be 2.25.x we can implement it
Aug 20 12:21:09 <psankar>	srag, if we do before the release, we dont have to do it twice ;-)
Aug 20 12:21:18 <srag>	what twice ?
Aug 20 12:21:28 <psankar>	srag, stable branch and trunk
Aug 20 12:21:39 <srag>	ignore stable and do such things for trunk only
Aug 20 12:21:52 <srag>	anything non tangible I dont prefer to take to trunk now.. 
Aug 20 12:22:03 <psankar>	srag, then patch porting will be a problem 
Aug 20 12:22:11 <srag>	psankar, lets see offline
Aug 20 12:22:15 <psankar>	srag, this will not do any harm. We just do alignment changes. 
Aug 20 12:22:19 <psankar>	srag, yeah htat is better
Aug 20 12:22:30 <srag>	anything else psankar ?
Aug 20 12:22:37 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:22:43 <psankar>	srag, nope. nothing more :-)
Aug 20 12:22:54 <schooms>	srag: completed the meeting related stuff in MAPI
Aug 20 12:23:01 <srag>	psankar, can you move my mails to e-d-s by next friday ? ;-)
Aug 20 12:23:01 <schooms>	onto recurrence now
Aug 20 12:23:06 <srag>	schooms, cool
Aug 20 12:23:13 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Aug 20 12:23:16 <abharath>	srag: :)
Aug 20 12:23:17 <srag>	psankar, during the Hackweek ?
Aug 20 12:23:32 <psankar>	srag, that is simple . mv ~/.evolution ~/svn/gnome/eds ;-)
Aug 20 12:23:34 <psankar>	srag, sure
Aug 20 12:23:36 <srag>	psankar, not my 'cp .evolution/*' ;-)
Aug 20 12:23:38 <psankar>	srag, we will try to complete
Aug 20 12:23:43 <srag>	:)
Aug 20 12:23:50 <psankar>	srag, great minds think alike ;-)
Aug 20 12:23:53 <srag>	psankar, I will join hands with you for this during the hack week
Aug 20 12:24:07 <seb128>	srag: not really, I did the current version updates in ubuntu, the mboxes corruption was not nice but seems to be fixed, there is still quite some bugs though, especially folder counts not being updates correctly
Aug 20 12:24:09 <psankar>	srag, sure
Aug 20 12:24:15 <seb128>	or the trash count being wrong
Aug 20 12:24:38 <srag>	seb128, Im on folder/summary mismatch.. next is the trash counts
Aug 20 12:24:50 <srag>	seb128, 2.23.90.1 would have better trash counts.. but not perfect yet
Aug 20 12:24:57 <srag>	I will take them rest of the week
Aug 20 12:25:03 <seb128>	ok
Aug 20 12:25:12 <srag>	pop/local delivery seems to be fine now.. with some other fixes
Aug 20 12:25:19 <srag>	so the counts would be targetted next
Aug 20 12:25:21 <seb128>	I'll keep sending you issues reported by ubuntu users ;-)
Aug 20 12:25:30 <srag>	seb128, sure.. thatz pretty useful
Aug 20 12:25:31 <seb128>	cool
Aug 20 12:25:45 <srag>	Ok guys. thatz it from my side...
Aug 20 12:25:50 <srag>	anything else to discuss?
Aug 20 12:26:37 <srag>	Ok guys, see you all next week. Bye
