Nov 26 11:04:25 <srag>	Hello every one
Nov 26 11:04:39 <srag>	we just released 2.24.2 and having 2.25.2 next week
Nov 26 11:04:58 <srag>	some issues fixed, still vfolder counts problematic and I should be looking at it next week
Nov 26 11:05:21 <srag>	psankar, if your migration starts working, and vfolders better, I would go for a 2.24.2.1 release may be in a few weeks
Nov 26 11:05:31 <srag>	thatz the general update
Nov 26 11:05:49 <psankar>	srag, I just havent read about the user feedback for my migration code. and today morning
Nov 26 11:05:56 <psankar>	srag, got some more clues for 
Nov 26 11:05:59 <srag>	I know that
Nov 26 11:06:04 <psankar>	srag, improving the migration . I shall 
Nov 26 11:06:08 <srag>	nice, sure
Nov 26 11:06:21 <psankar>	srag, update by giving the complete patch by 2 days max
Nov 26 11:06:23 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Nov 26 11:06:30 <srag>	psankar, cool
Nov 26 11:06:48 <chen>	srag, nothing much. just been working dice..
Nov 26 11:06:52 <srag>	ok.
Nov 26 11:06:56 <srag>	jony, howz mapi up there?
Nov 26 11:07:01 <srag>	we got a svn, bugzilla
Nov 26 11:07:10 *	psankar needs to run now. shall bbl
Nov 26 11:07:12 <srag>	keep it active :)
Nov 26 11:07:15 <srag>	psankar, ok
Nov 26 11:07:16 *	psankar has quit (psankar)
Nov 26 11:07:17 <jony>	srag, yep .. new bugzilla product "evolution-mapi"
Nov 26 11:07:25 <jony>	srag, fixing bugs .. 
Nov 26 11:07:29 <srag>	jony, sure
Nov 26 11:07:37 <srag>	jony, we need to have quick builds on MAPI
Nov 26 11:07:42 <jony>	srag, btw .. i'll try to get the builds running by this weekend 
Nov 26 11:07:43 <jony>	:) 
Nov 26 11:07:48 <srag>	so that we develop to work with different cfgs
Nov 26 11:07:52 <srag>	cool.
Nov 26 11:07:58 <srag>	kandepu, anything to share with us ?
Nov 26 11:08:21 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Nov 26 11:08:28 <lakhil>	lakhil, testing dice and some exchange stuff
Nov 26 11:08:30 <kandepu>	srag, nothing much, busy in sle11 testing
Nov 26 11:08:37 <srag>	lakhil, and aadvance congratulations for you marriage
Nov 26 11:08:45 <lakhil>	thanks :)
Nov 26 11:08:49 <srag>	lakhil, we are gonna miss your bug activity for the next 3 weeks approx
Nov 26 11:09:01 <srag>	I got some proposal from people to shorten your leaves ;-)
Nov 26 11:09:18 <lakhil>	please don't do that  :)
Nov 26 11:09:22 <srag>	:)
Nov 26 11:09:23 <jony>	hehe 
Nov 26 11:09:28 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Nov 26 11:09:35 <mcrha>	hi, got some (un)usual work on bugs. But I have one question for you (the plular you, the team), what do you think if I take care of the caldav calendar backend myself? I mean committing things there without approval/review? It involves also a setup plugin in evo code, but should be fine, I hope. I asked gicmo about that and he said he's fine.
Nov 26 11:10:03 <mcrha>	also, I miss the crasher review from psankar, it should be in .2, but it didn't get it.
Nov 26 11:10:47 <srag>	mcrha, I'm all fine for you to take care of CalDAV
Nov 26 11:11:17 <srag>	mcrha, whatz that bug ?
Nov 26 11:11:19 <mcrha>	I meant also the patch upload will be like now, just waiting for a week, not longer, and commit after that, if I'll think it's ok
Nov 26 11:11:21 <srag>	that missed .2
Nov 26 11:11:25 <lakhil>	srag, http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=560188
Nov 26 11:11:43 <lakhil>	mcrha, psankar was saying you will discuss something from matt afaik 
Nov 26 11:11:44 <srag>	was that informed to me to keep?, I could have pulled it, or I too missed ?
Nov 26 11:11:46 <mcrha>	thanks lakhil , that's the one
Nov 26 11:11:48 <seb128>	mcrha: what do you call setup there?
Nov 26 11:12:10 <srag>	seb128, account creation plugin I thought
Nov 26 11:12:12 <mcrha>	srag, yes, that all is about this one.
Nov 26 11:12:22 <mcrha>	seb128, yes, as srag said
Nov 26 11:12:46 <srag>	lakhil, ah, the right click thingy
Nov 26 11:12:48 <mcrha>	lakhil, srag, Matt's response was he trust psankar and keeps it up to him
Nov 26 11:12:48 <srag>	am I right ?
Nov 26 11:12:52 <lakhil>	yup
Nov 26 11:13:06 <srag>	mcrha, :)
Nov 26 11:13:10 <lakhil>	mcrha, so there is an end less loop :-P
Nov 26 11:13:28 <mcrha>	lakhil, yeah, but I'm pushing to all of them involved ;)
Nov 26 11:13:37 <srag>	mcrha, I would put you, matt and psankar on a room for 15mins to get out with a conclusion
Nov 26 11:13:44 <srag>	this is dragging longer than it should
Nov 26 11:13:46 <lakhil>	cool
Nov 26 11:14:03 <mcrha>	it'll be quite hard with the room ;)
Nov 26 11:14:15 <srag>	chat room :-)
Nov 26 11:14:24 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Nov 26 11:14:33 <mcrha>	anyway, timezones are totally different.
Nov 26 11:14:40 <srag>	I know
Nov 26 11:14:46 <mcrha>	srag, I'm fine if you push psankar
Nov 26 11:14:47 <srag>	but I would arrange something this week
Nov 26 11:14:56 <srag>	mcrha, out of my building?
Nov 26 11:15:00 <srag>	;-)
Nov 26 11:15:01 <seb128>	srag: not really, I did the 2.24.2 update for ubuntu, looks good so far from user feedback
Nov 26 11:15:08 <mcrha>	srag, nope, to the bug 
Nov 26 11:15:13 <seb128>	migration is still buggy though but that has already been discussed
Nov 26 11:15:28 <srag>	seb128, sure
Nov 26 11:15:34 <srag>	seb128, migration is on top of my list
Nov 26 11:15:46 <srag>	every one is affected, Ubuntu, SUSE, etc
Nov 26 11:15:56 <srag>	so, Sankar's first thing is the migration fix
Nov 26 11:16:08 <srag>	ask him everytime on the status :-)
Nov 26 11:16:21 <seb128>	there has been quite some discussion about calendars recently on the ubuntu side, do you know if somebody is working on make google calendars work better in evolution?
Nov 26 11:16:23 <srag>	verwilst, anything to share with us?
Nov 26 11:16:34 <seb128>	those seem to have quite some issues
Nov 26 11:16:38 <verwilst>	nope, all fine :)
Nov 26 11:16:53 <verwilst>	just that it's nice to see mcrha doing caldav stuffs ;)
Nov 26 11:16:55 <srag>	seb128, chen had a excellent proposal to rewrite that with his awesome eds-mono-providers
Nov 26 11:17:00 <srag>	sure verwilst 
Nov 26 11:17:17 <seb128>	urg, mono ;-)
Nov 26 11:17:18 <srag>	seb128, otherwise, ebby is idle, inactive for most things
Nov 26 11:17:24 <seb128>	I can see users start to complain
Nov 26 11:17:24 <srag>	seb128, I know :)
Nov 26 11:17:45 <chen>	srag, that would be quite easy now :)
Nov 26 11:17:47 <verwilst>	just here because i like meetings like this, i'm readonly, so never mind me
Nov 26 11:17:52 <srag>	seb128, but believe it or not, chen wrote a backend using that for some internal-stuff
Nov 26 11:17:59 <srag>	its awesome cool,
Nov 26 11:18:05 <srag>	he wrote in a week or so
Nov 26 11:18:08 <chen>	srag, the bindings for calendar is ready, i can try it out now..
Nov 26 11:18:11 <srag>	but yeah I get th epoint
Nov 26 11:18:13 <seb128>	I don't doubt that, but users tend to perceive evolution as bloated and heavy
Nov 26 11:18:23 <srag>	I know
Nov 26 11:18:25 <seb128>	and adding languages to the lists of requirement will not fix that
Nov 26 11:18:42 <srag>	anyways, I would try to find something for gcals
Nov 26 11:18:48 <srag>	seb128, but, do you have a list for it?
Nov 26 11:19:00 <srag>	I can see, if I could leverage some guys to pick a few
Nov 26 11:19:03 <seb128>	list of what? bugs? they are on bugzilla mostly I think
Nov 26 11:19:20 <seb128>	I'll have an another look and give you numbers if you want
Nov 26 11:19:43 <srag>	seb128, sure, I would be interested in your top-5 gcal issues to be addresssed asap, than rest
Nov 26 11:19:55 <seb128>	ok, will try to get a list
Nov 26 11:19:56 <srag>	which we can take it as we go
Nov 26 11:19:59 <srag>	sure thank
Nov 26 11:20:01 <seb128>	keep the good work ;-)
Nov 26 11:20:05 <srag>	sure
Nov 26 11:20:11 <srag>	anything else to discuss?
Nov 26 11:20:22 <seb128>	not from me ;-)
Nov 26 11:20:27 <srag>	See you all next week, bye guys
