May 14 06:10:32 <srag_>	Hello again
May 14 06:10:51 <srag_>	most ofour hackers are on vacation, so we can cut short the meeting
May 14 06:11:08 <srag_>	Just a few updates...
May 14 06:11:34 <srag_>	We had 2.23.2 release on monday, everything was smooth except a build break in EDS during make dist which I fixed and moved on
May 14 06:11:58 <srag_>	Otherwise Disk summary work is moving pretty well
May 14 06:12:15 <srag_>	and Im making sure that I keep the trunk and the brtanch in tact
May 14 06:12:20 <srag_>	thx to git-svn
May 14 06:12:59 <tml>	have all heap corruption type fixes been applied to the stable branch(es), too?
May 14 06:13:04 <srag_>	apart from that abharath would start working on supporting Evolution on windows and many thanks to tml for setting the platformfoir every one
May 14 06:13:17 <srag_>	tml: yep.
May 14 06:13:39 <srag_>	tml: AFAIK, stable branch should be stable :)
May 14 06:14:09 <srag_>	we can go around the channel
May 14 06:14:16 <srag_>	abharath: anything to share with us ?
May 14 06:14:46 <abharath>	srag_: some Exchange crashers since last week. been working on them
May 14 06:14:58 <srag_>	how are thing moving on the windows front..
May 14 06:15:03 <abharath>	srag_: Everything is fine now :)
May 14 06:15:12 <srag_>	I assume you are in touch with tml already
May 14 06:15:22 <tml>	yes, we have had a chat
May 14 06:15:31 <abharath>	srag_: not much. But been interacting with tml on it
May 14 06:15:35 <abharath>	tml: :)
May 14 06:15:36 <srag_>	and thx tml, this time, we will make sure that there is full support and we fix all the issues
May 14 06:15:57 <tml>	sounds fine
May 14 06:16:01 <srag_>	chen: anything to share with us ?
May 14 06:16:21 <chen>	srag_: patch reviews , fixing some bugs for opensuse-11.0,  starting with kerberos single sign on thing. Have been on leave for couple of days, on and off...
May 14 06:16:56 <srag_>	sure. sounds good. keep the patches in tact.. lets get back below 50 this time
May 14 06:17:05 <srag_>	thx
May 14 06:17:13 <chen>	sure!
May 14 06:17:15 <srag_>	jony: anything to share with us ?
May 14 06:17:16 <jony>	srag_, mapi .. slow but  progressing ...
May 14 06:17:28 <srag_>	jony: not acceptable ;-)
May 14 06:17:52 <srag_>	what happened to python loader... I didnt see that in the NEWS file, Monday 
May 14 06:18:15 <srag_>	;-)
May 14 06:18:16 <jony>	srag_, ah ... s ... will work on that too ... :D been hacking on pygtk-codegen .. shud have somehting this weekend :) 
May 14 06:18:28 <jony>	s/on/using
May 14 06:18:31 <srag_>	jony:  if not, I will take back you iphone ;-)
May 14 06:18:36 <jony>	srag_, hehe .. :)
May 14 06:18:45 <srag_>	serious ;-)
May 14 06:18:54 <srag_>	kandepu: anything to share with us ?
May 14 06:19:09 <kandepu>	srag_: nothing :)
May 14 06:19:29 <srag_>	lakhil: anything burning now ? ;-)
May 14 06:19:46 <srag_>	err.. any burning issues 
May 14 06:20:04 <lakhil>	srag_, still in control ....but no progress in http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=512605
May 14 06:20:35 <lakhil>	so many issues in gwise ..happy to see psankar has started looking into it 
May 14 06:20:48 <srag_>	lakhil: sure. I willsee it
May 14 06:20:54 <psankar>	:-)
May 14 06:21:09 <srag_>	feel free to scream when you see things not inplace
May 14 06:21:19 <lakhil>	:)
May 14 06:21:31 <srag_>	thx
May 14 06:21:37 <srag_>	psankar: anything to sharewith us ?
May 14 06:21:42 <psankar>	srag_, was fixing some blockers with gw. Restored GW_DEBUG logging for evo-groupwise which was broken. 
May 14 06:21:52 <srag_>	gr8
May 14 06:22:02 <srag_>	is that getting into the Debug Log window 
May 14 06:22:03 <srag_>	?
May 14 06:22:10 <psankar>	srag_, ot yet
May 14 06:22:12 <psankar>	*not
May 14 06:22:15 <tml>	what's the Debug Log window?
May 14 06:22:24 <srag_>	Help->Debug Log
May 14 06:22:36 <psankar>	tml, From 2.22 we have a new menu item to watch debug infrmation
May 14 06:22:37 <srag_>	it captures errors instead of popups
May 14 06:22:40 <tml>	ooh. hadn't noticed
May 14 06:22:50 <psankar>	where we want to rediercet our n/w logs
May 14 06:23:06 <tml>	n/w?
May 14 06:23:13 <psankar>	network
May 14 06:23:17 <tml>	ah ok;)
May 14 06:23:20 <psankar>	:-)
May 14 06:23:24 <srag_>	tml: only popups that need acctions would be popped to theusers, rest gets logged
May 14 06:23:54 <srag_>	psankar: how are things on the disk summary front ?
May 14 06:24:09 <psankar>	srag_, nothing great tis week
May 14 06:24:21 <srag_>	psankar: we should target 2.23.4
May 14 06:24:25 <psankar>	was pulled for soem bug fixes... 
May 14 06:24:29 <srag_>	later than that wil be some risk
May 14 06:24:32 <psankar>	srag_, sure... we will try to make it by then
May 14 06:24:36 <psankar>	yeah
May 14 06:24:37 <srag_>	cool. thx
May 14 06:24:39 <psankar>	I understand
May 14 06:24:45 <srag_>	shashish: anything to share with us ?
May 14 06:24:52 <shashish>	srag, nothing much ... worked on server-side-rule .... is going to complete....
May 14 06:24:57 <srag_>	your custom sent headers missed again
May 14 06:25:10 <srag_>	shashish: can you makesure that gets love before anythingelse ?
May 14 06:25:39 <shashish>	srag, sure....:) i'll get in that time...
May 14 06:25:47 <srag_>	gr8 thx
May 14 06:25:58 <srag_>	tml: anything to share with us ?
May 14 06:26:14 <srag_>	thx for the exchange windows port
May 14 06:26:23 <tml>	I guess the major news is that groupwise and exchange connections seem to work a bit now
May 14 06:26:37 <tml>	there was a major gotcha in libsoup
May 14 06:26:41 <srag_>	wow
May 14 06:26:41 <srag_>	SSL support ?
May 14 06:26:43 <tml>	http://mail.gnome.org/archives/libsoup-list/2008-May/msg00000.html
May 14 06:26:44 <psankar>	that is a gr8 news
May 14 06:26:47 <srag_>	gnutls on windows ?
May 14 06:27:02 <tml>	still lots of warnings printed left and right...
May 14 06:27:11 <tml>	I use the prebuilt gnutls now and it seems to work fine
May 14 06:27:26 <srag_>	that is a major news
May 14 06:27:30 <srag_>	great update for us
May 14 06:27:36 <chen>	really nice!!
May 14 06:27:50 <abharath>	yippeee. tml next week me onto it full time :D
May 14 06:28:02 <tml>	for some reason evo sends several copies of messages through groupwise, though... but not an unlimited number. no idea what causes this
May 14 06:28:30 <srag_>	abharath: you gotto make sure that you have a listof known issues from tml and give it a look first
May 14 06:28:48 <tml>	another apparent problem is that the password for the exchange server is stored in the .gnome2_private/Evolution file, but for some reason it still asks for it again and again
May 14 06:28:55 <tml>	must be just some silly small bug somewhere
May 14 06:29:16 <srag_>	tml: possiblly in the keyring integration cleanups
May 14 06:29:28 <abharath>	tml: we'll look into it. must be some keyring issues
May 14 06:29:39 <srag_>	abharath: cool
May 14 06:29:47 <tml>	have you tried much without keyrings on linux? 
May 14 06:30:09 <tml>	I mean, the keyring stuff is optional, isn't it, and if not available, then the .gnome2_private/Evolution file is used, right? 
May 14 06:30:16 <tml>	or am I misunderstanding?
May 14 06:30:23 <srag_>	tml: right
May 14 06:30:26 <psankar>	tml, yes. it should fallback 
May 14 06:30:29 <srag_>	but most of us use with it
May 14 06:30:42 <srag_>	and so the fallbackmay have issues
May 14 06:32:05 <srag_>	Ok guys
May 14 06:32:13 <srag_>	Anything else to discuss?
May 14 06:32:49 <srag_>	Ok guys, see you all next week. Bye

