Nov 19 05:00:22 <srag>	Hello guys, 
Nov 19 05:00:38 <srag>	most of us are pretty busy with bugs, I assume
Nov 19 05:00:44 <srag>	except that jony has some nice things to share with us
Nov 19 05:00:56 <srag>	I handpicking bugs for 2.24.2
Nov 19 05:01:01 <srag>	which is due monday
Nov 19 05:01:06 <psankar>	srag, that means jony  is not busy ;-)
Nov 19 05:01:11 <jony>	;-)
Nov 19 05:01:29 <srag>	psankar, I dont say that ;-), but if it means so, I dont care :)
Nov 19 05:01:37 <psankar>	:-)
Nov 19 05:02:00 <srag>	Nothing great to share other wise
Nov 19 05:02:05 <srag>	jony, you want to go first?
Nov 19 05:02:14 <jony>	srag, yep. 
Nov 19 05:02:16 *	jony pastes 
Nov 19 05:02:21 <jony>	srag, NEWS :created new repository for evolution-mapi (sent announce mail to the lists) || started to work on fixing bugs. Julien would be contributing patches for moving to libmapi 0.8 
Nov 19 05:02:48 <jony>	Will be creating a bugzilla component for 'evolution-mapi' .. and makefiles are kludgy now .. patches are welcome :)
Nov 19 05:03:12 <srag>	I have proposed it to the release team already and having some discussions on having samba4 (alpha5/6) and libmapi (trunk/0.8) as external dependency for 2.26
Nov 19 05:03:42 <srag>	and we are yet to propose the inclusion of evolution-mapi, the deadline is friday and this would go may be today/tomorrow
Nov 19 05:03:53 <srag>	but, the stage is all set for that
Nov 19 05:04:02 <psankar>	jony, srag, so mapi provider gonna follow same numbering convention as evo releases ? (/me was confused by 2.26)
Nov 19 05:04:02 <jony>	:)
Nov 19 05:04:14 <jony>	psankar, for sometime we'll go with 0.x .. 
Nov 19 05:04:20 <srag>	release team is positive for the inclusion + external dependency
Nov 19 05:04:24 <jony>	psankar, then we'll sync it with gnome releases .
Nov 19 05:04:27 <srag>	psankar, we might just share the minor version
Nov 19 05:04:34 <srag>	0.25.x
Nov 19 05:04:47 <srag>	to make it easier for people to go with
Nov 19 05:04:47 <psankar>	okay 
Nov 19 05:04:51 <psankar>	yeah.
Nov 19 05:04:54 <srag>	no major very bump other wise
Nov 19 05:05:18 <srag>	bugzilla yet to be setup
Nov 19 05:05:31 <srag>	and we will have a OpenSUSE buildserver project/daily snapshots from there on
Nov 19 05:05:51 <srag>	debian/ubuntu build helps would be welcome. I never made them before
Nov 19 05:06:12 <srag>	we mostly would have opensuse, fedora, mandriva (jony right?)
Nov 19 05:06:24 <jony>	srag, yep .. will be attempting on debs :) 
Nov 19 05:06:30 <srag>	awesome
Nov 19 05:06:39 <srag>	thatz the bigger update.
Nov 19 05:06:45 <srag>	we can go around the channel
Nov 19 05:06:48 <mcrha>	windows too?
Nov 19 05:06:49 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:07:01 <srag>	mcrha, we need to see, we haven't discussed it yet
Nov 19 05:07:03 <abharath>	srag: nothing much. been working on some bugs and packaging.
Nov 19 05:07:13 <abharath>	srag: Will try to get in PST Import asap
Nov 19 05:07:13 <mcrha>	srag, ok
Nov 19 05:07:15 *	You are now known as mbarnes
Nov 19 05:07:23 <srag>	but people were wondering why to use OpenChange's libmapi when mapi32.dll would be available natively
Nov 19 05:07:25 <psankar>	mcrha, nope opensuse buildservice does not handle windows builds (exe)
Nov 19 05:07:28 <abharath>	It should make into 2.25.2
Nov 19 05:07:30 <srag>	specially on windows
Nov 19 05:07:40 <srag>	atleast Tor(tml) asked it so, on some discussion
Nov 19 05:08:03 *	mcrha noticed him.someone talking about that too
Nov 19 05:08:08 <srag>	yep.
Nov 19 05:08:11 *	psankar keeps quiet
Nov 19 05:08:21 <srag>	so, windows is kept open for now
Nov 19 05:08:29 <mcrha>	psankar, not for long ;)
Nov 19 05:08:32 <jony>	mcrha, but openchange / samba4 can be ported with little or no effort :) 
Nov 19 05:08:49 <psankar>	:)
Nov 19 05:08:50 <srag>	but, otherwise, kick abharath if he misses a windows release for every unstable/stable release
Nov 19 05:08:58 <abharath>	srag: :)
Nov 19 05:08:59 <srag>	he was efforted for that ;-)
Nov 19 05:09:08 <mcrha>	jony, hopefully. Just add to one-click setup of the develop environment you did
Nov 19 05:09:19 <srag>	abharath, we must get PST to trunk
Nov 19 05:09:19 <abharath>	srag: its well on track. going very nice
Nov 19 05:09:31 <srag>	that would be nice.
Nov 19 05:09:32 <abharath>	srag: 2.25.2. a week in advance
Nov 19 05:09:38 <srag>	sure
Nov 19 05:09:49 <srag>	ashish, any updates for us ?
Nov 19 05:09:55 <ashish>	srag, nothing much. me working on bugs...
Nov 19 05:10:20 <srag>	ashish, ok. and congrats in advance for your marriage
Nov 19 05:10:33 <ashish>	srag, thanks a lot :)
Nov 19 05:10:46 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:11:00 <chen>	srag, nothing much, just working on dice
Nov 19 05:11:03 *	srag is sure that mcrha gonna ask chen  on some or other patch review status ;-)
Nov 19 05:11:19 <chen>	:)
Nov 19 05:11:38 <mcrha>	nono, rather not :)
Nov 19 05:11:49 <srag>	chen, just close some important patches, atleast the one I gave you an hour back
Nov 19 05:11:53 <srag>	:)
Nov 19 05:11:59 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:12:01 <chen>	done :)
Nov 19 05:12:17 <mcrha>	chen, and the one for dave, yeah ;) (if not that the one)
Nov 19 05:12:26 <srag>	mcrha, thatz the one :)
Nov 19 05:12:32 <mcrha>	goooood ;)
Nov 19 05:12:36 <jony>	srag, nothing much apart from the 'NEWS' ... will start fixing bugs .. 
Nov 19 05:12:46 <srag>	jony, you gotto fix LOOOOTS of bugs
Nov 19 05:12:52 <jony>	yep. :)
Nov 19 05:12:56 <srag>	:)
Nov 19 05:13:05 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:13:17 <lakhil>	patches and exchange back end testing, bug triaging  
Nov 19 05:13:34 <srag>	lakhil, good catch on that all-folder-download
Nov 19 05:13:45 <srag>	but bad, you caught it almost after a year ;-)
Nov 19 05:13:53 <lakhil>	:)
Nov 19 05:14:14 *	lakhil needs to keep eye on mcrha now :-P
Nov 19 05:14:41 <srag>	lakhil, I can sponsor you a X-Ray glasses, from jony's credit card ;-)
Nov 19 05:14:41 <mcrha>	that's your turn now, lakhil, I gave you something yesterday :)
Nov 19 05:15:01 <jony>	:D
Nov 19 05:15:03 <srag>	mbarnes, early morning :) anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:15:20 <lakhil>	mcrha,  so eye means for patches also :-)
Nov 19 05:15:42 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:15:43 <mcrha>	lakhil, I see, I didn't get the right meaning the first time :)
Nov 19 05:16:03 <mcrha>	srag, you mentioned already, I caused a bad thing almost a year ago in bug #336074
Nov 19 05:16:14 <srag>	mcrha, thatz ok :)
Nov 19 05:16:16 <mbarnes>	hey guys
Nov 19 05:16:18 <mbarnes>	I posted a status update about kill-bonobo to evolution-hackers.
Nov 19 05:16:18 <mbarnes>	In short, I'm stuck working on it in my free time now so 2.26 is looking less certain.
Nov 19 05:16:18 <mbarnes>	More technical details and documentation to follow soon.
Nov 19 05:16:18 <mbarnes>	I'm looking for some feedback on this stuff, so don't be shy.
Nov 19 05:16:18 <mbarnes>	Apart from that, mainly occupied with Red Hat stuff right now.
Nov 19 05:16:43 <mcrha>	srag, there is some fix, even accepted you said to wait until lakhil will test it
Nov 19 05:16:56 <srag>	mbarnes, try to get kill-bonobo stuff in.
Nov 19 05:17:16 <srag>	If you want, probably we can have early testing by some of us running from the branch
Nov 19 05:17:39 <lakhil>	mcrha, i have in my list :-)
Nov 19 05:17:44 <srag>	mbarnes, I would let you to decide the timeline,
Nov 19 05:17:54 <srag>	mbarnes, not beyond 2.25.4, I would say
Nov 19 05:17:58 <srag>	which should leave us good time
Nov 19 05:18:09 *	psankar wanted to discuss some bug with mbarnes but sadly cant seem to do for next few hours . has to go out :(
Nov 19 05:18:20 <srag>	psankar, the bug on passwords ?
Nov 19 05:18:24 <psankar>	srag, yeah
Nov 19 05:18:25 <seb128>	srag: when is 2.25.4?
Nov 19 05:18:51 <lakhil>	seb128, Jan 5 
Nov 19 05:18:52 <srag>	psankar, mbarnes try  close it for 2.24.2
Nov 19 05:18:54 <srag>	seb128, Jan 5
Nov 19 05:19:08 <mbarnes>	psankar: I'll be around.  try and catch me when you get back
Nov 19 05:19:13 <seb128>	that's late to land disruptive changes
Nov 19 05:19:15 <psankar>	srag, sure later todaay we'll solve it
Nov 19 05:19:23 <psankar>	sure mbarnes thanks
Nov 19 05:19:27 <srag>	so, definitely not later than that.
Nov 19 05:19:50 <srag>	mbarnes, thanks for the updates
Nov 19 05:20:03 <srag>	hey mmeeks, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:20:05 <mbarnes>	2.25.4 is pushing it, but we'll see
Nov 19 05:20:12 <srag>	mbarnes, all the best. 
Nov 19 05:20:12 <seb128>	also if you land if late it would be nice to be sure than somebody will have free slots to address issues quickly during the week after that
Nov 19 05:20:16 <psankar>	mbarnes, btw, you should enable comments for non-livejournal users in your blog :-)
Nov 19 05:20:37 <mbarnes>	psankar: yeah, I've done that now
Nov 19 05:20:43 <srag>	seb128, it would be taken care surely.
Nov 19 05:20:44 <psankar>	mbarnes, nice :)
Nov 19 05:21:02 <srag>	msuman, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:21:26 <msuman>	srag: a couple of bugs and some rewrite of the mapi acc setup plugin
Nov 19 05:21:35 <srag>	msuman, ok.
Nov 19 05:21:41 <msuman>	hopefully, I didn't break anything :)
Nov 19 05:21:43 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:21:45 <psankar>	Trying to optimize some disk i/o operations on the migration. Removed the delete calls by adding a new api which will jsut add (instead of add + delete). Have to see if there are improvments, otherwise, will have to move to in-memory-tables which gets moved to disk (after an sizeable delta etc.) . Shortly put - migration to db issues. 
Nov 19 05:21:48 <srag>	msuman, you better be sure of it :)
Nov 19 05:21:59 <msuman>	yep
Nov 19 05:22:09 <srag>	psankar, I would like to be sure that, it works well
Nov 19 05:22:12 <jony>	psankar, nice ! 
Nov 19 05:22:20 <srag>	I think few ubuntu users having vareity of issues
Nov 19 05:22:25 <psankar>	srag, right .. shall check it. 
Nov 19 05:22:34 <srag>	everytime migration instead of just once, and deadlocks etc
Nov 19 05:22:36 <srag>	cool
Nov 19 05:22:42 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:22:45 <psankar>	yeah. on my list.
Nov 19 05:23:06 <seb128>	nothing special, still watching the ubuntu bug, quite some users are concerned about the 2.24 quality but you are fixing issues quickly so that's alright
Nov 19 05:23:34 <srag>	seb128, just get the issues reported with good steps, and CC me, we should be able to work it around very fast
Nov 19 05:23:40 <seb128>	waiting on the next tarballs to get an another round of wrong vfolder counts and other issues fixed ;-)
Nov 19 05:23:52 <seb128>	srag: right, you are doing a great job
Nov 19 05:24:05 <srag>	seb128, yep, vfolder counts are still bad, nad I might choose to force count every quit, for stable
Nov 19 05:24:08 <seb128>	complain I've to fight now are rather things which got dropped during the sqlite switch
Nov 19 05:24:10 <srag>	seb128, thanks a lot :)
Nov 19 05:24:19 <seb128>	ie vfolder using other vfolders, unmatched vfolder, etc
Nov 19 05:24:40 <srag>	seb128, lets see :-)
Nov 19 05:24:43 <srag>	for 2.26
Nov 19 05:24:48 *	verwilst (~verwilst@62.58.98.250) has joined #evolution-meet
Nov 19 05:25:01 <seb128>	you addressed the unread folder thing now right?
Nov 19 05:25:09 <seb128>	that was one of the most frequent complain
Nov 19 05:25:16 <srag>	seb128, I have put fix and it should solve 90%
Nov 19 05:25:21 <seb128>	good
Nov 19 05:25:23 <srag>	still some guys have some wierd problem
Nov 19 05:25:28 <srag>	and I have no clues
Nov 19 05:25:28 <seb128>	let's see what comes next ;-)
Nov 19 05:25:30 <srag>	sure
Nov 19 05:25:40 <srag>	verwilst, anything to share with us ?
Nov 19 05:26:07 <srag>	guys, Anything else to discuss, before we leave?
Nov 19 05:26:23 *	verwilst chuckles
Nov 19 05:26:27 <verwilst>	no, just listening
Nov 19 05:26:32 <srag>	ok :)
Nov 19 05:26:37 <srag>	See you all next week guys, bye
Nov 19 05:26:41 <seb128>	bye

