Jan 23 05:00:02 <srag>	Hello every one
Jan 23 05:00:19 <srinidhi>	srag: hi!!! :)
Jan 23 05:00:19 <srag>	thanks for taking part actively in the hackfest
Jan 23 05:00:40 <srag>	I expect that we have fixed 20+ crashes and some of them may close more than 1bugs :)
Jan 23 05:01:11 *	EvaSDK (~eva@APuteaux-755-1-9-70.w90-35.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Jan 23 05:01:20 <srag>	I haven't yet consolidated the scorecard  yet
Jan 23 05:01:30 <srag>	but I would surely post a mail once I'm awake fully ;-)
Jan 23 05:01:50 <srag>	So, the next biggest thing
Jan 23 05:02:01 <srag>	we have 2.21.90 on Monday and with that we hit the UI Freeze
Jan 23 05:02:20 *	mcrha is now known as mcrha|afk
Jan 23 05:02:21 <srag>	so be very cautious and don't add anything that may require a freeze break
Jan 23 05:02:49 <srag>	The only things that are in my mind are the ashish's custom header and my junk improvements
Jan 23 05:03:03 *	abharath (~abharath@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Jan 23 05:03:16 <srag>	mine, I'm still in a review mode and I need to convince my self to add it. It may speed up junk filtering a lot
Jan 23 05:03:23 <srag>	otherwise
Jan 23 05:03:32 <srag>	we have libsoup 2.4 added to trunk
Jan 23 05:03:41 <srag>	and we have just two major issue
Jan 23 05:03:46 <srag>	1. Exchange doesn't work
Jan 23 05:03:57 <srag>	2. GW is unusable after few hours :)
Jan 23 05:04:18 <srag>	abharath, and myself would be on to the Exchange thing 
Jan 23 05:04:32 <srag>	I want chen + psankar to close the GW issues 
Jan 23 05:04:41 <abharath>	srag: sure
Jan 23 05:04:57 *	lakhil (~lakhil@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Jan 23 05:04:59 <srag>	I would say that they are blockers for 2.21.90 and nothing would take more prio than this
Jan 23 05:05:07 <psankar>	I guess both of them should be same... so if u close the Excahnge issues GW should be fine... but I will do whatever I can
Jan 23 05:05:27 <srag>	psankar, sure/
Jan 23 05:05:56 <srag>	apart from that, we have lots of patches to be reviewed and pushed for 2.21.90 and I see a tough week ahead already :)
Jan 23 05:06:15 <srag>	so guys take it hard and lets meet 2.21.90 in  a good quality.
Jan 23 05:06:26 <srag>	we should be fine after that
Jan 23 05:06:28 *	chen thinks the same as psankar
Jan 23 05:06:52 <psankar>	chen, srag :)
Jan 23 05:07:02 <srag>	chen, sure. If one can solve others I'm happy but just start into the issue it may be the other wise also :)
Jan 23 05:07:13 <srag>	thatz it from my side
Jan 23 05:07:16 <psankar>	2.22 will be the best releae so far ... We will do it srag :)
Jan 23 05:07:17 <srag>	we can go around  the channel
Jan 23 05:07:26 <srag>	psankar, that sounds so nice to hear :)
Jan 23 05:07:38 <chen>	srag: ok
Jan 23 05:07:58 *	srag remembers Shankar's dialog at Shivaji's diamond jubilee celeberations ;-)
Jan 23 05:08:14 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us?
Jan 23 05:08:50 <abharath>	srag: libpst id done for mails and contacts. will look into the calendar portion n the libsoup issues next
Jan 23 05:08:59 <abharath>	/id/is
Jan 23 05:09:00 <srag>	abharath, cool
Jan 23 05:09:07 <srag>	start fully into libsoup exchange issues
Jan 23 05:09:17 <srag>	and I'll join you where ever reqd
Jan 23 05:09:18 <abharath>	srag: yes onto it now
Jan 23 05:09:22 <srag>	cool.
Jan 23 05:09:28 <srag>	and a nice job on libpst
Jan 23 05:09:39 <abharath>	srag: tht wud br good for me
Jan 23 05:09:40 <srag>	I would expect a build service for our nice Evolution/Exchange users
Jan 23 05:09:42 <abharath>	srag: thanks
Jan 23 05:10:01 <abharath>	srag: sure by next week i'll look into getting it done
Jan 23 05:10:04 <srag>	I see that we now support 2000, 2003, 2007 PST files for Mail/Contacts already
Jan 23 05:10:21 <abharath>	srag: sure thing
Jan 23 05:10:25 <srag>	abharath, not a high priority thing, (build service thingy) but a bit later
Jan 23 05:10:34 <srag>	cool
Jan 23 05:10:36 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us?
Jan 23 05:10:40 <ashish>	srag, I started again with GW rules and will work on custom header if any issue in that(will work as higher priority task)...
Jan 23 05:10:44 <psankar>	abharath, pst is going for 2.22 ?
Jan 23 05:10:50 <srag>	psankar, no no
Jan 23 05:10:53 <abharath>	psankar: no
Jan 23 05:10:56 <psankar>	okay
Jan 23 05:11:16 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us?
Jan 23 05:11:48 <chen>	srag: some crash fixes and working on memory buildup issue and city of largo issues
Jan 23 05:12:06 <srag>	chen, cool. just get onto the GW issues next :)
Jan 23 05:12:11 <chen>	will be catching up with some patch reviews as well
Jan 23 05:12:17 <srag>	creator, identify your self :)
Jan 23 05:12:20 <srag>	chen, ah nice
Jan 23 05:12:34 <srag>	EvaSDK, anything to share with us?
Jan 23 05:13:12 <srag>	ashish, just close custom header first before anything
Jan 23 05:13:21 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us?
Jan 23 05:13:24 <ashish>	srag, sure...
Jan 23 05:13:31 <jony>	Churned out some preview RPMs for MAPI, 
Jan 23 05:13:32 <jony>	currently working on a e# memory leak, got some andre's string fixes to be committed before monday .. 
Jan 23 05:13:32 <jony>	Next week : mostly mapi and some new mapi builds with debug info (logs)
Jan 23 05:13:40 <EvaSDK>	srag: nope, unfortunately
Jan 23 05:13:45 <srag>	EvaSDK, ok :)
Jan 23 05:14:11 <srag>	jony, I had a talk with Julien and he has SetRecipientTable and GAL things on R341
Jan 23 05:14:33 <srag>	I want do a sanity of that so that we can focus with that and make sure libmapi0.7 matches us the best
Jan 23 05:14:40 *	psankar wonders: The creator joins #evolution . Darwinian Atheists will be happy.
Jan 23 05:14:41 <jony>	srag: sure .. 
Jan 23 05:15:09 <srag>	jony, and congrats on the mpi build. But do an update with debug enabled 
Jan 23 05:15:15 <srag>	s/mpi/mapi
Jan 23 05:15:22 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us?
Jan 23 05:15:30 <jony>	srag: tnx  .. and debian and ubuntu builds r on the way 
Jan 23 05:15:35 <srag>	jony, cool
Jan 23 05:15:52 <lakhil>	srag, sanity on trunk (Evolution 2.21.90) after libsoup update , created a page for STAKCTRACE hacfest and tried my hands on OpenSUSE 11.0 Alpha1
Jan 23 05:15:52 <lakhil>	 
Jan 23 05:15:58 <lakhil>	that's all from my side
Jan 23 05:16:02 <srag>	I hope that you can push the update today itself and reply anthonio on the evolution list
Jan 23 05:16:07 <srag>	lakhil, thx dude
Jan 23 05:16:24 <srag>	lakhil, saw the blocker list for opensuse 11.0 and sounds fine to me
Jan 23 05:16:30 <srag>	lakhil, we 'll discuss at office tomorrow
Jan 23 05:16:36 <lakhil>	srag, sure 
Jan 23 05:16:50 <srag>	mbarnes|away, mcrha|afk are on a RedHat meeting. So catch you guys later :)
Jan 23 05:16:56 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Jan 23 05:17:13 <psankar>	srag, nothing much. excpet that I couldnt complete the vfolder thingy
Jan 23 05:17:50 <srag>	psankar, I'm on to it today. I think we left a good place
Jan 23 05:17:59 <srag>	psankar, it would be us when I complete it :)
Jan 23 05:18:02 <psankar>	srag, u were able to complete it ?
Jan 23 05:18:05 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Jan 23 05:18:12 <psankar>	:)
Jan 23 05:18:12 <schooms>	yeah.. recurrence stuff for MAPI.. nice breakthroughs.. but will be doing recipient_table stuff for the remainder of the week.. 
Jan 23 05:18:18 <srag>	psankar, not yet. I was on to something else yesterday (itip rewrite)
Jan 23 05:18:23 <srag>	schooms, cool.
Jan 23 05:18:26 <psankar>	srag, okies :)
Jan 23 05:18:36 <srag>	schooms, involve inform Julien well in advance
Jan 23 05:18:49 <schooms>	about what ?
Jan 23 05:19:02 <srag>	any good/bad in the new revision :)
Jan 23 05:19:08 <srag>	chen, you may have to review my itip-redesign a bit
Jan 23 05:19:12 <schooms>	ah.. yes.. will do
Jan 23 05:19:24 <srag>	it is all the same code, but I changed what is the carrier
Jan 23 05:19:35 <srag>	srinidhi, anything to share with us ?
Jan 23 05:19:43 <srinidhi>	srag: nothing much..
Jan 23 05:19:46 <schooms>	chen: PObject to PURI
Jan 23 05:19:54 <chen>	srag: itip-redesign ?
Jan 23 05:20:12 <srag>	in terms of the carrier/what you hold as the key
Jan 23 05:20:29 <srag>	some EMPuri and no Pobjects
Jan 23 05:20:31 <chen>	srag: ok i will look into it
Jan 23 05:20:42 <srag>	chen, my changelog describes it the best
Jan 23 05:20:49 <chen>	srag: ok
Jan 23 05:21:09 <srag>	thatz it from my side. anything else to discuss before we leave?
Jan 23 05:22:52 <srag>	Ok. Guys, work hard for 2.21.90 and lets finish all our goals for 2.21.90 and all the best
Jan 23 05:22:52 <srag>	bye every one

