Feb 06 11:05:20 <srag>	Hello everyone
Feb 06 11:05:30 *	psankar (~evo@125.16.129.16) has joined #evolution-meet
Feb 06 11:05:33 <srag>	We are having 2.21.91 on Monday
Feb 06 11:05:50 <srag>	with that we would hit string freeze and I would like everyone to have  a watch on the strings
Feb 06 11:06:00 <srag>	schooms, I assume you work with andre to complete your patch.
Feb 06 11:06:11 <schooms>	yeah.. will do
Feb 06 11:06:12 <srag>	mcrha, I want you to pass on the meeting logs to mbarnes :)
Feb 06 11:06:20 <jony>	srag: that includes doc too ? 
Feb 06 11:06:21 <srag>	since he isn't there today
Feb 06 11:06:29 <srag>	jony, doc is exempted from it
Feb 06 11:06:34 <mcrha>	sure srag, hi all
Feb 06 11:06:40 <jony>	oh oki . 
Feb 06 11:06:43 <srag>	jony, we should have the first code drop for 2.21.91
Feb 06 11:06:51 <srag>	jony, verify with radhika and commit it asap
Feb 06 11:06:59 <jony>	srag: k. 
Feb 06 11:07:09 <srag>	Otherwise I hope that most of us are with crashers/critical bug fixes
Feb 06 11:07:43 <srag>	at Novell, some of us might be busy on some customer issues, but that also will be in line for 2.21.91 IMHO
Feb 06 11:08:12 <srag>	Great news that we were below 50 unreviewed patches for the first time
Feb 06 11:08:26 *	psankar claps
Feb 06 11:08:32 *	schooms congratulates all the patch-reviewers :)
Feb 06 11:08:34 <srag>	and I'm sure that we would get over that 50 to <just recent ones> asap
Feb 06 11:08:56 <srag>	I had that as a target for the team during my guadec talk and thanks every one for supporting me well.
Feb 06 11:09:05 <abharath>	that's awesome :)
Feb 06 11:09:38 <srag>	Otherwise, I'm just starting the planning for the 2.24 and feel free to email me if you have some ideas/suggestions
Feb 06 11:10:01 *	jony suggests that we have a 'codename' for 2.24 :) 
Feb 06 11:10:03 <psankar>	srag, no 2.24 plaannign wiki ?
Feb 06 11:10:11 <srag>	psankar, I said, I would be doing it :)
Feb 06 11:10:12 <psankar>	*planning*
Feb 06 11:10:24 <psankar>	srag, oh okay that way... got it
Feb 06 11:10:25 <srag>	jony, last time also you suggested.. but you never took it forward
Feb 06 11:10:34 *	psankar suggested Darwin then
Feb 06 11:10:40 <jony>	srag: ah .. will come up with one .
Feb 06 11:10:52 <srag>	find one and propose. It will be nice IMO
Feb 06 11:11:04 *	jony takes it up .. 
Feb 06 11:11:07 <srag>	I think we are having a good amount of bug fixes this time..
Feb 06 11:11:19 <srag>	lets keep the momentum till the HC Freeze
Feb 06 11:11:35 <srag>	and also watch out the pending patches with freezes in mind
Feb 06 11:11:39 <srag>	thatz it from my side
Feb 06 11:11:47 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:11:54 <psankar>	srag, libsoup related crashers are all gone ?
Feb 06 11:12:14 <srag>	abharath, thanks for your minutes in my desk, I'm sure we would have fixed atleast 4-5 known crashers from process_flags
Feb 06 11:12:14 <abharath>	srag: just been working on some bugs. nothing much
Feb 06 11:12:26 <srag>	psankar, AFAIK, known issues are gone
Feb 06 11:12:33 <psankar>	srag, Great 
Feb 06 11:12:39 <abharath>	srag: thanks to u, we nailed down many issues with tht
Feb 06 11:12:40 <srag>	there could be something lying around somewhere
Feb 06 11:12:49 <srag>	mcrha, we have the patch in your same bug.
Feb 06 11:12:59 <mcrha>	I will look
Feb 06 11:13:04 <chen>	srag: including the libsoup memory issues ?
Feb 06 11:13:11 <srag>	I think we should target such bugs 
Feb 06 11:13:21 <srag>	chen, known issues are all gone
Feb 06 11:13:26 <chen>	thats great!!
Feb 06 11:13:30 <srag>	ashish, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:13:40 <srag>	ashish, you gotto get your 'port' patch asap
Feb 06 11:13:49 <srag>	no time really pending.. with the freeze on monday.
Feb 06 11:14:27 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:14:35 <chen>	srag:  Working on the address-book leak issue currently
Feb 06 11:14:43 <chen>	Had been into some bug triagging. Will be reviewing the pending patches today.  Will be putting in some data on the cache optimization stuff this week...
Feb 06 11:14:52 <srag>	cool. Chen get them asap. sure
Feb 06 11:14:54 <chen>	Will be committing all the pending fixes which are not upstream 
Feb 06 11:14:55 <ashish>	srag, yes ..... it is already uploaded... patch is ready for review...
Feb 06 11:15:01 <srag>	ashish, cool
Feb 06 11:15:14 <ashish>	srag and now i'm working on GW rules..
Feb 06 11:15:14 <srag>	chen, just remember to put your cal-thread-fix to addressbook also :)
Feb 06 11:15:18 <srag>	ashish, ok
Feb 06 11:15:23 <chen>	srag: sure :)
Feb 06 11:15:28 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:15:31 <jony>	srag: mostly mapi .. we r making progress .. by next week we shud have most of the features with out PF. i'll need some time to fix some obvious bugs on that .. 
Feb 06 11:15:40 <srag>	jony, cool.
Feb 06 11:16:19 <srag>	I'm working with a few guys on getting the starter issues cleared
Feb 06 11:16:29 <chen>	srag: want to write some prototype code for cache as well as u sugessted, prolly will do it after putting information on new design into wiki as its more obvious
Feb 06 11:16:29 <srag>	I pushed 2 builds with some issues
Feb 06 11:16:39 <srag>	chen, that would be nice.
Feb 06 11:17:03 <srag>	jony, we should be looking at a open beta or so where we work with a few users closely and get it all working for them
Feb 06 11:17:10 <jony>	srag: wen r v officially moving to libmapi trunk ( or some svn rev) ? 
Feb 06 11:17:12 <srag>	I would like to get some power users to be part of it
Feb 06 11:17:13 <jony>	srag: sure .. 
Feb 06 11:17:27 <srag>	jony, we should be on it already
Feb 06 11:17:31 <srag>	to test 0.7 
Feb 06 11:17:37 <srag>	I'm on it and schooms ?
Feb 06 11:17:41 <jony>	oki then .. 
Feb 06 11:17:46 <schooms>	yes .. me too
Feb 06 11:17:59 <srag>	jony, I'm not on trunk of samba.. but very closer one
Feb 06 11:18:07 <srag>	jony, I'll share the rev after the meetingt
Feb 06 11:18:13 <srag>	s/meetingt/meeting
Feb 06 11:18:16 <jony>	srag: okies .. 
Feb 06 11:18:22 <srag>	jony, good to see it moving
Feb 06 11:18:27 <jony>	:) 
Feb 06 11:18:31 <srag>	welcome knirav 
Feb 06 11:18:41 <srag>	for everyone else knirav is our manager
Feb 06 11:18:48 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:19:07 <lakhil>	srag, 
Feb 06 11:19:07 <lakhil>	did bug triaging and some testing stuff for OpenSUSE 11.0 
Feb 06 11:19:13 <srag>	sure
Feb 06 11:19:21 <srag>	lakhil, do you have any blocker/must fix for us?
Feb 06 11:19:28 <srag>	I would like to hear a list from you always :)
Feb 06 11:19:40 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:19:50 <lakhil>	srag, exchange is stable enough ..i will update if i find anything 
Feb 06 11:19:55 <mcrha>	nothing, just reading some stack trace bugs, alarm notify for exchange doesn't seem to be fixed yet and reading e-l
Feb 06 11:19:57 <psankar>	knirav is the person whom you should ping if you want to complain about us in Novell or send any accolades ;)
Feb 06 11:20:21 <srag>	lakhil, sounds good :)
Feb 06 11:20:27 <mcrha>	btw, what about those filters? I meant "why my filters doesn't work". do we need to do with that something?
Feb 06 11:20:40 <srag>	mcrha, it is fixed with your patch. Now it doesn't work for anything else :)
Feb 06 11:20:54 <srag>	mcrha, I ran a valgrind and I get so many invalid reads
Feb 06 11:21:16 <srag>	mcrha, with your patch, the alarms are added
Feb 06 11:21:20 <srag>	but they don't popup
Feb 06 11:21:27 <knirav>	hi srag 
Feb 06 11:21:27 <srag>	the same for GW/google etc
Feb 06 11:21:37 <srag>	Google alarm I fixed yesterday night
Feb 06 11:21:38 <srag>	knirav, hey
Feb 06 11:21:50 <mcrha>	I noticed also it runs with "status 0" and the second attempt returned "status 9/no permission". I will look more.
Feb 06 11:21:54 <srag>	not I can see that consistently it doesn't popup.. and rately it does.
Feb 06 11:22:07 <srag>	mcrha, oh. I see status 0 all times
Feb 06 11:22:07 <knirav>	sorry for the late response - someone was at my seat 
Feb 06 11:22:15 <srag>	np
Feb 06 11:22:43 <mcrha>	srag, ok, I will look with Paul, he's testing it too
Feb 06 11:22:47 <srag>	jony, there was a regression on your patch for gtkhtml crasher fix.
Feb 06 11:22:56 <srag>	during the stacktrace day
Feb 06 11:22:58 <srag>	fix it asap
Feb 06 11:23:03 <jony>	srag: sure .. for 91
Feb 06 11:23:10 <srag>	mcrha, sure.
Feb 06 11:23:17 <srag>	psankar, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:23:25 <psankar>	srag, Upstreaming patches to Trunk that are mysteriously missed in SLED betas ... 
Feb 06 11:23:31 <chen>	mcrha: hope you keep the password remembered for exchange account
Feb 06 11:23:36 <psankar>	and since lakhil asked ;) me to commit exchange double junk folder thing, committed that as well.
Feb 06 11:23:38 <mcrha>	chen, sure :)
Feb 06 11:24:09 <srag>	psankar, sure. lets commit them for 2.21.91 with the freezes on the watch
Feb 06 11:24:19 <psankar>	srag, yup
Feb 06 11:24:28 <srag>	schooms, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:24:35 <schooms>	srag: working on meetings/assigned tasks for MAPI - this will take some more time.. did a bit of recurrence stuff too (on-hold now).. 
Feb 06 11:24:58 <srag>	schooms, you gotto ask julien on his e-d-s quit and fix it before anything else
Feb 06 11:25:05 <srag>	iirc his calendar was crashing
Feb 06 11:25:18 <srag>	it would help everyone to find bugs for us
Feb 06 11:25:28 <schooms>	will do.. /me has not been able to catch him for a coupla days now
Feb 06 11:25:29 <srag>	srinidhi, anything to share with us?
Feb 06 11:25:41 <srag>	schooms, I spoke with him yesterday midnight or so
Feb 06 11:25:46 <srinidhi>	srag: I won't be able to generate NEWS files for the upcoming release.
Feb 06 11:25:53 <schooms>	oh.. okie
Feb 06 11:26:00 <srag>	srinidhi, that is alarming for me :(
Feb 06 11:26:13 <srinidhi>	srag: I know.. I'm sorry about that.. I'm not in station
Feb 06 11:26:23 <srinidhi>	:(
Feb 06 11:26:28 <srag>	srinidhi, oh ok. No problem dude, I will look at it this time.
Feb 06 11:26:37 <srinidhi>	srag: thanks!! :)
Feb 06 11:26:54 <srinidhi>	srag: Builds for 2.21.90 for openSUSE 10.3 and Factory are already available
Feb 06 11:27:01 <srag>	that is cool.
Feb 06 11:27:21 <srag>	mcrha, we have MAPI builds for fedora also.. incase some one looks for it in fedora lists you can refer it to them
Feb 06 11:27:22 <srinidhi>	should be able to build for other distros for .91 :)
Feb 06 11:27:28 <srag>	srinidhi, cool
Feb 06 11:27:40 <srag>	Im not subscribed to it ;-)
Feb 06 11:27:47 <mcrha>	ok
Feb 06 11:27:59 <srinidhi>	srag: that's it from my side :)
Feb 06 11:28:05 <srag>	Ah, another important thing..
Feb 06 11:28:20 <srag>	next week is our "HackWeek" at Novell
Feb 06 11:28:44 <srag>	So we may be a bit less responsive... so bear it :)
Feb 06 11:29:00 <srag>	I'm done from my side....
Feb 06 11:29:26 <jony>	srag: Darwin Primate Hominoid arboreal avian clade - code name for evo 2.24
Feb 06 11:29:37 <mcrha>	srag, maybe you overlooked, but what with those "message filters"? Will we change it or keep it as is?
Feb 06 11:29:49 <srag>	message filters?
Feb 06 11:29:57 <mcrha>	the discussion on evolution-list
Feb 06 11:30:18 <srag>	mcrha, we 'll discuss after the meeting
Feb 06 11:30:23 <srag>	jony, I would prefer voting
Feb 06 11:30:26 <mcrha>	you know, like usual, "my message filters doesn't work, but in tb does"
Feb 06 11:30:27 <mcrha>	ok
Feb 06 11:30:44 <psankar>	jony, srag anything goes fine with me 
Feb 06 11:30:55 <srag>	mcrha, I need some context. we will discuss in #evolution
Feb 06 11:31:00 <mcrha>	sure
Feb 06 11:31:06 <srag>	psankar, not everyone can say it ;-)
Feb 06 11:31:07 *	jony votes for 'primate' & 'avain'
Feb 06 11:31:33 <srag>	jony, why dont you post on the wiki ? go-evolution.org/Evo2.24
Feb 06 11:31:43 <jony>	srag: okie. will do that :) 
Feb 06 11:31:48 <srag>	It isn't there yet.. Post it and we'll vote and decide
Feb 06 11:31:53 <srag>	I'm for it.
Feb 06 11:31:59 <srag>	Ok guys... see you all next week.
