Dec 03 05:03:57 <srag_>	Hello guys
Dec 03 05:04:10 <srag_>	we had 2.25.2 released on Monday
Dec 03 05:04:32 <srag_>	and our important bugs still hold good wrt vfolder and imap unread count on stable
Dec 03 05:04:38 <srag_>	I'm still fighting to kill them
Dec 03 05:04:58 <srag_>	But we seem to have more regressions, the account-url/password stuffs, filters etc
Dec 03 05:05:11 <mcrha>	kill them all, kill them all
Dec 03 05:05:17 <srag_>	I hope that we must kill everything and get Evolution 2.24.3 to much better shape
Dec 03 05:05:23 <srag_>	migration is still killing us
Dec 03 05:05:29 <srag_>	and I know psankar had multiple attempts
Dec 03 05:05:47 <srag_>	these are some top issues, I would say thatz there for Evolution as of today
Dec 03 05:06:00 <srag_>	do you guys have anything beyond these ?
Dec 03 05:06:03 <psankar>	srag_, yeah hopefull ythe last version should be fine. would love to get some performance feedback on migration with that patch
Dec 03 05:06:10 <srag_>	sure psankar 
Dec 03 05:06:27 <srag_>	I would be having some dedicated focus on these bugs beyond anything else
Dec 03 05:06:28 <psankar>	http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=559153 is the bug for reference
Dec 03 05:06:58 *	srag_ has no features on his hands for 2.26.x and so will be a bug-killer during this cycle :-)
Dec 03 05:07:06 <srag_>	and some performance improvements
Dec 03 05:08:06 *	mcrha noticed one migration in calendar code, but it was only one :(
Dec 03 05:08:09 <srag_>	We had proposed evolution-mapi and I wanted jony to release 0.25.x with the on going GNOME 2.25.x cycle
Dec 03 05:08:25 <srag_>	jony, would be doing the MAPI tarballs :-)
Dec 03 05:08:27 <seb128>	srag_: bug #546637 is still an issue in 2.24.2 too
Dec 03 05:08:38 <jony>	srag_, missed this cycle ..  we just fixed some bug wrt to send mails ..
Dec 03 05:09:01 <jony>	i'll push a release before this weekend .. but will start syncing with the gnome cycle .. 
Dec 03 05:09:02 <srag_>	seb128, I need some one, who can reproduce with me on IRC :(
Dec 03 05:09:31 <seb128>	srag_: ok, should be easy to do, will try to get somebody to join the channel
Dec 03 05:09:38 <srag_>	seb128, that would be awesome
Dec 03 05:10:18 <srag_>	lets go around the channel
Dec 03 05:10:21 <srag_>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Dec 03 05:10:56 <abharath>	srag_: nothing much. on with some bugs
Dec 03 05:11:10 <srag_>	abharath, do you have 2.24.2.exe ?
Dec 03 05:11:15 <srag_>	I think you must do it sometime
Dec 03 05:11:35 <srag_>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Dec 03 05:11:37 <abharath>	srag_: sure. on my todo list. Have a .1 will get it done soon
Dec 03 05:11:53 <chen>	srag_, nothing much.
Dec 03 05:12:02 <srag_>	jony, anything to share with us ?
Dec 03 05:12:16 <jony>	srag_, just mapi . nothing much .. 
Dec 03 05:12:50 <srag_>	jony, do we have the public repos up?
Dec 03 05:13:02 <jony>	srag_, no not yet . 
Dec 03 05:13:12 <srag_>	seb128, we aren't deb experts, and if we can get some hepl to get evolution-mapi debs that would be great
Dec 03 05:13:20 <psankar>	abharath, srag_  mbarnes|away : We need to update our website and FAQ pages with the right location of the windows installer
Dec 03 05:13:34 <srag_>	sure psankar 
Dec 03 05:13:40 <srag_>	jony, ok.
Dec 03 05:13:42 <seb128>	srag_: sure, give me a tarball and I'll do the deb
Dec 03 05:13:44 <srag_>	kandepu, anything to share with us ?
Dec 03 05:13:48 <srag_>	seb128, thatz awesome
Dec 03 05:13:58 <abharath>	psankar: go-evolution?
Dec 03 05:14:08 <psankar>	abharath, yup FAQ in go-evo
Dec 03 05:14:15 <srag_>	seb128, but we have some buildservice project and we sort of wanted to maintain a daily/nightly/weekly builds
Dec 03 05:14:24 <kandepu>	srag_, nothing much, testing mapi
Dec 03 05:14:38 *	abharath looks at the FAQs
Dec 03 05:14:38 <seb128>	srag_: that's easy to do that once you have the debian directory
Dec 03 05:14:44 <srag_>	seb128, sure.
Dec 03 05:14:48 <seb128>	you just need to update the changelog
Dec 03 05:15:02 <srag_>	seb128, Once the new project is out, jony would catch you.
Dec 03 05:15:06 <seb128>	ok
Dec 03 05:15:10 <srag_>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Dec 03 05:15:26 <seb128>	just ping me when I'm on IRC
Dec 03 05:15:36 <jony>	seb128, sure .. i'll 
Dec 03 05:15:38 <mcrha>	thinking... calendar - has issues; reviews - not many there; still want to help there, but no way how.
Dec 03 05:15:55 <mcrha>	Except of the CalDAV, I'll try to break there as much as I'll be able :)
Dec 03 05:16:14 <srag_>	:-)
Dec 03 05:16:38 <srag_>	chen, is pretty busy on some SLE work, it might take a week or two to get freed for him
Dec 03 05:16:51 <srag_>	mcrha, but Im sure that 50+ calendar patches would be killed soon
Dec 03 05:17:11 *	mcrha heard that already, couple of times
Dec 03 05:17:35 <srag_>	mcrha, I know, but you must know that at times, SLE/RHE's would take your times force-fully :-)
Dec 03 05:17:45 <srag_>	with out leaving a choice
Dec 03 05:17:58 <mcrha>	sure, no problem.
Dec 03 05:18:01 <srag_>	thanks
Dec 03 05:18:06 <srag_>	psankar, anything to share with us ?
Dec 03 05:18:15 <psankar>	srag_, nothing much. ususal week
Dec 03 05:18:27 <srag_>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Dec 03 05:19:03 <seb128>	srag_: not this week, you did a good summary of the current issues
Dec 03 05:19:11 <seb128>	nothing to add to that
Dec 03 05:19:23 <chen>	mcrha, is it more for patch reviews or are you see'ing any critical issues which needs my attention at the moment ?
Dec 03 05:19:26 <srag_>	seb128, I have made these issues to my SLE stuff, that sort of allows to find itme to pull to these
Dec 03 05:19:27 <seb128>	I'll try to get somebody to join the chan who has the unread vfolder update issue
Dec 03 05:19:37 <srag_>	seb128, that would be great
Dec 03 05:20:17 <srag_>	Anything else guys?
Dec 03 05:20:40 <mcrha>	chen, it depends, I see long pending easy patches for crashers, I see some issues after ECalModel rewrite, which are cause by "backend busy" (for example the left-bottom calendar not updated because of this), sometimes dayview isn't.
Dec 03 05:20:43 <srag_>	Ok, see you all next week. 
Dec 03 05:20:44 <srag_>	Bye
Dec 03 05:21:56 <jony>	later .. . 
Dec 03 05:21:57 *	jony (~jjohnny@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet
Dec 03 05:22:02 *	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-258-1-105-108.w90-56.abo.wanadoo.fr) has left #evolution-meet
Dec 03 05:22:40 <chen>	mcrha, for the "backend busy", I will get a patch soon.. I will see if suman can review those patches if they are trivial (he is on leave today), will speak up with him tomorrow on the same..
Dec 03 05:23:03 <mcrha>	ok chen, thanks
Dec 03 05:24:12 <chen>	srag_, If they are trivial enough, I guess one of them mailer or you can also review it :-)
Dec 03 05:24:46 <srag_>	chen, I'm doing my part, and I leave some pieces for your eyes only, if Im not so sure
Dec 03 05:25:30 <chen>	srag_, fine, please put suman also on the loop..
Dec 03 05:26:10 <srag_>	chen, sure dude

