Apr 09 06:05:13 <srag_>	Hello every one
Apr 09 06:05:23 <mcrha>	hello srag_ ;)
Apr 09 06:05:26 <srag_>	We just released 2.22.1 on Monday
Apr 09 06:05:48 <srag_>	and we have 2.23.1 on April 21
Apr 09 06:05:56 <srag_>	and I hope that all of us are pretty busy on that
Apr 09 06:06:43 <srag_>	I hope that the new composer and schooms cool recent manager integration is gonna be the target thing for 2.23.1.. 
Apr 09 06:07:03 <schooms>	:)
Apr 09 06:07:45 <srag_>	Also Im also chatting with the guy 	Matthias Braun
Apr 09 06:07:52 <srag_>	for the webdav addressbook thing
Apr 09 06:08:24 <srag_>	I reviewed the initial code and I felt positive about the code and Im sure that if we get that to trunk and get adequate testing that can be another great thing to have in 2.24
Apr 09 06:08:54 <srag_>	I mailed him about our meeting today morning.. Im not sure if he saw the maill. I wanted him to join the meeting and we can discuss his plans also here
Apr 09 06:09:32 <srag_>	Apart from that.. we are back to 80's in terms of patches and I would like to get that below 50 and a lot of that depends on Chen's work load ;-)
Apr 09 06:09:46 <srag_>	but by Guadec, we should be none IMO
Apr 09 06:09:49 <srag_>	s/we/it
Apr 09 06:10:04 <srag_>	Thatz it from my side...
Apr 09 06:10:10 <srag_>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:10:37 <abharath>	srag_: nothing much this week. just working on some issues.
Apr 09 06:10:44 <srag_>	abharath, look into the issues andre pointed out.. 
Apr 09 06:10:44 <mcrha>	srag_, there are some really really old patches, will someone update them?
Apr 09 06:10:56 <abharath>	srag_: yes i would be doing that
Apr 09 06:11:31 <srag_>	mcrha, I think most of them are kept due to some issues like not agreeing with the user/patch...
Apr 09 06:11:46 <srag_>	mcrha, I think if we take proper decision there, it would be better before updating them
Apr 09 06:12:00 <mcrha>	srag_, sure, I agree
Apr 09 06:12:04 <srag_>	abharath, also there are some threads on exchange stability... just follow and be active there
Apr 09 06:12:07 <srag_>	mcrha, :)
Apr 09 06:12:17 <srag_>	ashish, anything to share with us?
Apr 09 06:12:23 <ashish>	srag_, nothing much ....started working with server side rules....
Apr 09 06:12:31 <srag_>	abharath, get Exchange regressed on 64bit machine more
Apr 09 06:12:40 <srag_>	ashish, ok. Get your patch committed
Apr 09 06:12:42 <srag_>	before this week
Apr 09 06:12:48 <srag_>	you need to close that with Sankar
Apr 09 06:12:55 <srag_>	ashish, it can't skip any more
Apr 09 06:12:58 <ashish>	srag_, sure...
Apr 09 06:13:02 <srag_>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:13:10 <chen>	srag_: I would be getting into patch reviews from tomorrow
Apr 09 06:13:19 <srag_>	chen, that would be awesome...
Apr 09 06:13:22 <jony>	ashish, if there is a UI, i would like to look at it before it getz in .. if u dont mind :) 
Apr 09 06:13:23 <chen>	srag_: just got the blocker issue fixed and committed now
Apr 09 06:13:45 <srag_>	chen, saw that and commit it for trunk/stable also :)
Apr 09 06:13:47 <ashish>	jony, sure....:)
Apr 09 06:13:49 <chen>	srag_: sled-sp2 blocker to be specific w.r.t memory buildup in addressbook
Apr 09 06:13:53 <srag_>	chen, how is your cache thing coming ip ?
Apr 09 06:14:02 <srag_>	s/ip/up
Apr 09 06:14:03 <chen>	srag_: sure will get it committed to trunk and stable
Apr 09 06:14:19 <srag_>	chen, what is the target for the cache rewrite
Apr 09 06:14:20 <chen>	srag_: ah, I have spoke about it with federico
Apr 09 06:14:29 <srag_>	nice..
Apr 09 06:14:29 <chen>	and we might get it done through summer of code
Apr 09 06:14:41 <srag_>	but would that skip 2.24 then ?
Apr 09 06:14:51 <srag_>	It might be a bit late.. isn't it ?
Apr 09 06:14:54 <chen>	srag_: I hope no
Apr 09 06:14:59 <srag_>	I wish so :)
Apr 09 06:15:18 <srag_>	jony, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:15:29 <jony>	srag_,  Samba 4 alpha3 build is successful and libmapi build is going on (As we speak) . We still have to resolve licensing (**risk risk**).  Once the build is done , i'll start concentrating in finishing up the features. 
Apr 09 06:15:30 <chen>	srag_: me too :), I will get in touch with federico and let you know on the precise dead lines
Apr 09 06:15:30 *	kandepu (~tester@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 09 06:16:22 <srag_>	jony, cool.
Apr 09 06:16:26 <jony>	& NEWS : Exchange protocol docs are opened. Julien mentioned that there is some legal issue, so I would advice people in MAPI development not to look at them until i get some clarification. And in our last evo-meet, we had queries on MAPI. i think julien's has given very clear answers :) 
Apr 09 06:16:34 <srag_>	jony, are we looking at a updated release with 0.7 mapi?
Apr 09 06:16:41 <jony>	srag_, yep. 
Apr 09 06:16:56 <srag_>	jony, announce to the list... once you are done
Apr 09 06:17:03 <srag_>	kandepu, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:17:05 <jony>	srag_, sure .. would do that .
Apr 09 06:17:10 <srag_>	thx jony 
Apr 09 06:17:16 <srag_>	knirav, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:17:36 <srag_>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:18:01 <lakhil>	srag_, nothing
Apr 09 06:18:09 <srag_>	lakhil, any blockers, issues you see ?
Apr 09 06:18:09 <lakhil>	srag_, busy in sled release testing 
Apr 09 06:18:14 <srag_>	lakhil, ok :)
Apr 09 06:18:22 <srag_>	hey mcrha ... anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:18:40 <mcrha>	just breaking eds to get rid of gnome-vfs right now, there will be some API changes, but no way
Apr 09 06:18:53 <srag_>	mcrha, understand that.. I think it is fine.
Apr 09 06:19:05 <srag_>	Camel isn't a supported thing anyway..
Apr 09 06:19:05 <mcrha>	about UAM, posting mails and making clarifications.
Apr 09 06:19:07 <srag_>	so no worries
Apr 09 06:19:10 <srag_>	mcrha, cool.
Apr 09 06:19:17 <srag_>	mcrha, when are you starting the core thing..?
Apr 09 06:19:30 <mcrha>	gicmo mention some things I do not understand well, but still no mail on that
Apr 09 06:19:48 <mcrha>	other thing is about synsing with a server, we should think about that
Apr 09 06:19:56 <srag_>	synsing ?
Apr 09 06:19:58 <srag_>	what is that
Apr 09 06:20:08 <mcrha>	*syncing, I'm sorry
Apr 09 06:20:20 <srag_>	ok.. I didn't get the point..
Apr 09 06:20:21 <mcrha>	srag_, as soon as we consider the "design" and what will Tobi do
Apr 09 06:20:25 <srag_>	anyway we can take it offline..
Apr 09 06:20:30 <mcrha>	ok
Apr 09 06:20:52 <srag_>	mcrha, anyways.. good start on UAM and I feel that the direction is set right.. so all the best :)
Apr 09 06:21:04 <srag_>	get the imp things on that in 2.24 and rest can be future
Apr 09 06:21:05 <mcrha>	otherwise nothing, only hping chen will not reject my patches ;)
Apr 09 06:21:16 <srag_>	hehe..
Apr 09 06:21:23 <srag_>	meribaz, hey..
Apr 09 06:21:27 <mcrha>	srag_, I do not want to do that too late, because of many changes
Apr 09 06:21:30 <meribaz>	hi
Apr 09 06:21:31 <srag_>	meribaz, anything to share with us ...
Apr 09 06:21:42 <meribaz>	no...just an interested lurker :-)
Apr 09 06:21:50 <srag_>	mcrha, patches?
Apr 09 06:21:54 <srag_>	mcrha, ok :)
Apr 09 06:21:58 <srag_>	schooms, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:22:05 <schooms>	srag_: patched up the recent-docs thingy against the new composer, working on an annoying bug in the e-timezone-dialog 
Apr 09 06:22:10 <mcrha>	srag_, no patches, the UAM
Apr 09 06:22:15 *	psankar (~evo@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 09 06:22:18 <schooms>	meribaz: do we know you by any other name :) ?
Apr 09 06:22:38 <srag_>	mcrha, right.. Get the base thing for 2.23.2 and then incrementally we can do 
Apr 09 06:22:45 <meribaz>	no, don't think so...
Apr 09 06:22:47 <srag_>	schooms, that is cool
Apr 09 06:22:48 <chen>	mcrha: no I won't :) I am positive you would have done the right changes :)
Apr 09 06:22:56 <mcrha>	srag_, I'm not sure with this dead line
Apr 09 06:23:18 <jony>	schooms, that "recent attachment" .. is that plugin ? or in composer ? 
Apr 09 06:23:18 <srag_>	mcrha, I meant that earlier the better :)
Apr 09 06:23:28 *	You are now known as mbarnes
Apr 09 06:23:31 <mcrha>	chen, you, thanks, but there are also some questions on already reviewed bugs, so please look there too
Apr 09 06:23:33 <srag_>	varadhan, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:23:40 <schooms>	jony: not plugin for sure.. just an addition to the UI
Apr 09 06:23:40 <srag_>	mbarnes, hey...
Apr 09 06:23:46 <chen>	mcrha: sure!
Apr 09 06:23:46 <jony>	schooms, ah k . 
Apr 09 06:23:46 <srag_>	mbarnes, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:23:56 <mbarnes>	*yawn*
Apr 09 06:24:01 <psankar>	schooms, why "not plugin for sure" ?
Apr 09 06:24:02 <srag_>	Morning mbarnes :)
Apr 09 06:24:19 <psankar>	schooms, it makes sense to keep it a plugin to avoid magic-space-bar liek things
Apr 09 06:24:22 <mcrha>	srag_, sure, will try, but I need approvals and advices too :)
Apr 09 06:24:25 <schooms>	psankar: i just meant: my work is not a plugin :)
Apr 09 06:24:33 <jony>	schooms, i agree with psankar 
Apr 09 06:24:39 <mbarnes>	the new Bonobo-less compose is in trunk now
Apr 09 06:24:39 <srag_>	mcrha, you will get it for sure :)
Apr 09 06:24:40 <mbarnes>	give it some testing if you haven't already
Apr 09 06:24:46 <srag_>	sure sure.
Apr 09 06:24:50 <psankar>	schooms, so you already did that ? if it is not yet in, I will suggest to make it a plugin
Apr 09 06:24:56 <srag_>	I think it is getting tested as well as getting extended :)
Apr 09 06:24:58 <psankar>	not yet committted I mean
Apr 09 06:25:05 <jony>	schooms, +1 
Apr 09 06:25:06 <srag_>	schooms, just put up the patch for recent manager integration for it
Apr 09 06:25:15 <schooms>	psankar: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=517134 .. 
Apr 09 06:25:24 <srag_>	psankar, I would prefer that not a plugin than a base thing
Apr 09 06:25:35 <srag_>	lets not add core things as plugins guys
Apr 09 06:25:38 <schooms>	srag_: already done that.. i would love to get mbarnes's comments
Apr 09 06:25:43 *	varadhan_ (~bhargavi@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 09 06:25:49 <schooms>	before converting it to anything else :)
Apr 09 06:25:51 <srag_>	schooms, ok
Apr 09 06:26:00 <srag_>	psankar, anything to share with us ?
Apr 09 06:26:15 <psankar>	srag_, nothing much. fixed few infinite loops in gtkhtml, gw mailer etc.
Apr 09 06:26:25 <mbarnes>	shooms: oh, I just got the recent manager ported to the new composer code last night
Apr 09 06:26:31 <mbarnes>	will post a patch shortly
Apr 09 06:26:50 <schooms>	mbarnes: :( 
Apr 09 06:27:02 <srag_>	oh great... offline-collision ;-)
Apr 09 06:27:06 <schooms>	i happened to do it today 
Apr 09 06:27:27 <srag_>	psankar, mbarnes is the composer eplugin thing fixed ?
Apr 09 06:28:14 <srag_>	ashish, you need to see that your send options still works with the new composer...
Apr 09 06:28:18 <mcrha>	mbarnes, schooms, just make diff of both patches and choose better, whatever score system you'll choose :)
Apr 09 06:28:19 <psankar>	srag_, not yet afaik
Apr 09 06:28:24 <srag_>	ashish, the plugins things were broken.. and it may not work
Apr 09 06:28:30 <mbarnes>	srag_: no.  we're targetting that for 2.23.2
Apr 09 06:28:32 <ashish>	srag_, sure..i'll check...
Apr 09 06:28:42 <srag_>	mbarnes, oh..
Apr 09 06:29:00 <srag_>	ashish's custom headers for sending mails would need it..
Apr 09 06:29:15 <srag_>	I think it is fine, if it is for 2.23.2
Apr 09 06:29:51 <srag_>	I'm done.. is there anything else to discuss before we meet next week ?
Apr 09 06:30:38 *	psankar has quit (psankar)
Apr 09 06:30:43 <srag_>	Ok guys.. see you all next week.
Apr 09 06:30:43 <srag_>	bye

