Apr 01 06:08:17 <chen>	Hi all
Apr 01 06:08:30 <seb128>	hello
Apr 01 06:08:51 <EvaSDK>	hello there
Apr 01 06:08:53 <chen>	srag is not available today and so am conducting the meet today on behalf of him
Apr 01 06:09:14 <jony>	hi EvaSDK seb128  (been a while ) 
Apr 01 06:09:26 <chen>	srag will be branching 2.26 and trunk within a week
Apr 01 06:09:28 <seb128>	hey jony
Apr 01 06:10:08 <chen>	as you all would be knowing srag is aggressively work on anjal along with jony and bharath, which is coming out well
Apr 01 06:10:54 <chen>	you should be watching srag's blog for some updates on that and you will really enjoy looking at the progress!
Apr 01 06:11:10 <chen>	Updates from my side,
Apr 01 06:11:21 <chen>	I have been completely working on sled bugs
Apr 01 06:11:45 <chen>	had a discussion with stanislav slusny GSoc 2008 student
Apr 01 06:11:54 <chen>	who did the EDS memory optimization work
Apr 01 06:12:13 <chen>	I will be working along with him from April 4 to get the work merged into trunk
Apr 01 06:12:32 <EvaSDK>	nice
Apr 01 06:12:44 <chen>	We will also get the Dbus port for EDS in as soon as possible, need to discuss on the timeline for that with ross
Apr 01 06:12:50 <abharath>	sweet
Apr 01 06:13:06 <chen>	will update on the timelines for both of them over next week
Apr 01 06:13:18 <chen>	thats it from my side
Apr 01 06:13:31 <chen>	andre, anything to share with us?
Apr 01 06:14:38 <chen>	mbarnes, any updates for us?
Apr 01 06:15:10 <chen>	so silent :)
Apr 01 06:15:11 <mbarnes>	sure, I've been rewriting attachment handling from scratch
Apr 01 06:15:22 <mbarnes>	screenshots posted here: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=516933
Apr 01 06:15:32 *	chen looks at it
Apr 01 06:16:03 <mbarnes>	this is on the kill-bonobo branch at the moment, but I'm hoping to merge it early
Apr 01 06:16:20 *	abharath claps. Looks lovely
Apr 01 06:16:30 <mcrha>	is it kind of independent of kill-bonobo?
Apr 01 06:16:32 <chen>	mbarnes, ah ok, blog worthy i guess for getting more feedback :)
Apr 01 06:16:35 <EvaSDK>	what's the situation on the kill-bonobo branch btw ?
Apr 01 06:16:46 <EvaSDK>	yeah
Apr 01 06:16:52 <mbarnes>	chen: yeah, I will when it's ready
Apr 01 06:16:54 *	chen will at it closely after the meet
Apr 01 06:17:05 <chen>	abharath, any updates?
Apr 01 06:17:23 <chen>	mbarnes, fine
Apr 01 06:17:30 <mbarnes>	EvaSDK: working steadily on it, but still a ways to go
Apr 01 06:17:38 <abharath>	chen: Been working on inline reply for anjal. Apart from that just been with some bugs
Apr 01 06:17:59 <chen>	abharath, nice!
Apr 01 06:18:14 <chen>	EvaSDK, anything to share with us?
Apr 01 06:18:18 <abharath>	chen: also followed up yest with Fridrich. The windows builds are well on course. and look better now with most of the things fixed
Apr 01 06:18:43 <EvaSDK>	not really, like I said in #evo, life keeps me too busy to touch upstream projects as much as I'd like
Apr 01 06:18:54 <chen>	abharath, very nice! I also saw an article where someone was asking for it
Apr 01 06:19:09 *	chen will give the link after the meet
Apr 01 06:19:15 <EvaSDK>	I'd really like to get some ui work I filled bugs for done for next release but I can't say if I will be able to do it
Apr 01 06:19:18 <abharath>	chen: sure. don't remember any
Apr 01 06:20:14 <chen>	EvaSDK, cool
Apr 01 06:20:35 <chen>	jony, any updates?
Apr 01 06:20:41 <jony>	chen: nothing much .. i've been working on some internal customer issues mostly .. 
Apr 01 06:20:47 <jony>	for the last few weeks .. 
Apr 01 06:20:54 <chen>	EvaSDK, are they enhancements or usability bugs ?
Apr 01 06:21:24 <EvaSDK>	chen: a bit of both
Apr 01 06:21:27 <chen>	jony, good
Apr 01 06:21:44 *	jony hopes to get back to upstream work sometime soon ;-) :) 
Apr 01 06:21:57 <EvaSDK>	chen: hum no mostly usability in fact
Apr 01 06:22:21 <chen>	EvaSDK, lets know the bug ids, prolly they can be taken up as we are looking at improving usability through anjal and sharing the code between evo and anjal
Apr 01 06:22:33 <chen>	jony, :)
Apr 01 06:22:40 <chen>	knirav, any updates ?
Apr 01 06:23:32 <knirav>	none
Apr 01 06:23:47 <chen>	mcrha, ur turn :)
Apr 01 06:23:53 <mcrha>	some bug-work, as usual. Apart of that I'm planning to commit some pending patches, together with removing deprecated gtk symbols, where I believe are some bugs. So the trunk will be The Development Branch again.
Apr 01 06:24:11 *	andre looking forward to it
Apr 01 06:24:27 <chen>	mcrha, I will get some of ur patches reviewed tomorrow along with the system timezone thing
Apr 01 06:24:28 <mcrha>	nothing more.
Apr 01 06:24:39 <mcrha>	ok, thanks
Apr 01 06:24:43 <chen>	seb128, anything to share with us?
Apr 01 06:24:54 <seb128>	not really
Apr 01 06:24:55 <EvaSDK>	chen: there was #568176 but I fixed it, looking for some that is open
Apr 01 06:25:08 <seb128>	2.26 feedback is mostly good
Apr 01 06:25:12 <chen>	EvaSDK, cool
Apr 01 06:25:16 <seb128>	out of google calendar support being busted
Apr 01 06:25:23 <seb128>	which lot of users would like to see working
Apr 01 06:25:38 <mcrha>	seb128, let them teach caldav ;)
Apr 01 06:25:43 <chen>	seb128, I have wrote a basic google calendar in c#, its in evolution-mono-providers project
Apr 01 06:25:44 <seb128>	there is many users who don't get an username entry there either now
Apr 01 06:26:13 <chen>	seb128, currently implementing the write support with recurrences included
Apr 01 06:26:36 <seb128>	nice
Apr 01 06:26:40 <seb128>	shame it's c# ;-)
Apr 01 06:26:48 <mcrha>	seb128, do you see no user name too?
Apr 01 06:26:52 <chen>	will be providing it next month fully
Apr 01 06:27:17 <seb128>	mcrha: got several user complaining about that but I get the entry there
Apr 01 06:27:46 <chen>	seb128, any links for the feedback received for 2.26 ?
Apr 01 06:27:52 <mcrha>	seb128, hmm, ok. I did some changes in that part not a long time ago
Apr 01 06:28:13 <seb128>	chen: no, I'm just watching launchpad bugs and sending issues upstream and watching IRC channels
Apr 01 06:28:27 <chen>	fine
Apr 01 06:28:41 <seb128>	there is still some performance issues too
Apr 01 06:28:49 <seb128>	but srag said he would get that fixed for .1
Apr 01 06:29:06 <seb128>	let's see if he still manages to get work done on evolution with the new project he's working on now
Apr 01 06:29:07 <chen>	oh i was about to ask u whether srag knows about it :)
Apr 01 06:29:27 <EvaSDK>	chen: this one I'd like to fix http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=496281
Apr 01 06:29:43 <chen>	seb128, he should as he concentrating more on sharing the code between both the projects
Apr 01 06:29:58 <EvaSDK>	btw I wanted to ask about anjal, is it specifically designed for mobile devices ?
Apr 01 06:30:05 <EvaSDK>	or would it be usable on a desktop ?
Apr 01 06:30:16 <chen>	EvaSDK, its designed primarily for netbooks
Apr 01 06:30:23 <jony>	EvaSDK: it would be usable in teh desktop too .. but mostly for mobile  devices .
Apr 01 06:31:12 <EvaSDK>	there was some concept in it that really appealled me
Apr 01 06:31:43 <chen>	lets wind up  the meeting for this week. Anything important that anyone wants to bring out.. ?
Apr 01 06:32:12 <jony>	EvaSDK: which is ? :) 
Apr 01 06:32:53 <chen>	I hope nothing more. Lets meet next week again with more updates :) 
Apr 01 06:32:57 *	EvaSDK should re-look at the screenshots :)
Apr 01 06:33:02 <jony>	EvaSDK: hehe :) 
Apr 01 06:33:03 <chen>	thanks all!
Apr 01 06:33:14 <EvaSDK>	thanks chen 
Apr 01 06:33:25 <jony>	nice to meet you all ! later .. .
Apr 01 06:33:31 <abharath>	bye all
Apr 01 06:33:37 *	jony (~jjohnny@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet
Apr 01 06:33:39 <chen>	see you next week!

