Sep 16 06:03:35 <chen>	Hard code freeze has started and 2.28 release is coming next week,
Sep 16 06:03:53 <chen>	one of the items still pending is the documentation,
Sep 16 06:04:23 <chen>	thanks to lakhil for making some documentation changes w.r.t new features and screen-shots,
Sep 16 06:04:34 <andre>	was there proofreading?
Sep 16 06:05:17 <chen>	i have done part of it and we will be sending it to radhika and u for the same..
Sep 16 06:05:24 <chen>	andre, will be able to review it ?
Sep 16 06:05:41 <andre>	don't expect me to have time two days before a release. and there are also translators out there
Sep 16 06:05:55 <andre>	probably impossible to get the changes translated for 2.28.0
Sep 16 06:05:55 <chen>	nirav is currently handling the part of incorporating the changes to the existing docs..
Sep 16 06:06:03 <chen>	yes :(
Sep 16 06:06:15 <andre>	but it's the same every 6 months that novell is uncapable to get the user docs right
Sep 16 06:06:32 <chen>	there have been some bit of confusions in how to handle the docs due to lack of resources and finding the right person in here..
Sep 16 06:06:33 <andre>	so i get used to it and draw my own conclusions about that company.
Sep 16 06:07:03 *	chen was in the assumption that a person from suse is working on it and later got the information that its happening that way
Sep 16 06:07:19 <andre>	oh well, it's novell :-P
Sep 16 06:08:00 <andre>	not caring about gnome workflows has a long tradition since 2.1
Sep 16 06:08:02 <chen>	andre, i have no real answers to defend :(
Sep 16 06:08:24 <andre>	i know. and i don't want to imply that it's your fault
Sep 16 06:08:25 <chen>	but we will take care of it for next release..
Sep 16 06:08:41 <chen>	one thing which is clear is,
Sep 16 06:08:42 <andre>	i know, i have that sentence in the logs several times ;-))
Sep 16 06:08:59 <chen>	there will be no person in novell who might be working on docs afaik
Sep 16 06:09:16 <chen>	unless radhika gets time or if we find a new person
Sep 16 06:09:17 <andre>	so novell should get some balls and contact the gnome-doc team
Sep 16 06:09:24 <andre>	and tell that they should take over.
Sep 16 06:09:37 <chen>	right
Sep 16 06:10:04 <andre>	but as novell is sometimes afraid of "losing control on $something" (e.g. user docs) this might take a while...
Sep 16 06:10:06 <chen>	so i will inform the gnome-doc team about the same for the next release..
Sep 16 06:10:38 <chen>	i can prolly inform immediately after 2.28 release 
Sep 16 06:11:12 <chen>	andre, i guess its not about losing control,
Sep 16 06:11:27 <chen>	but a confusion created when the resource changes happen
Sep 16 06:11:33 <andre>	it's probably a mixture of reasons, true
Sep 16 06:11:37 <andre>	anyway, let's move on :)
Sep 16 06:11:42 <chen>	sure :)
Sep 16 06:12:00 <chen>	w.r.t dbus calendar port,
Sep 16 06:12:40 <chen>	ross had been lot busy with other works and he informed that he would be merging the code by monday/tuesday next week..
Sep 16 06:13:07 <chen>	updates from on my end,
Sep 16 06:13:16 <chen>	have been reviewing some patches and working on imapx branch,
Sep 16 06:13:35 *	jony (~jjohnny@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 16 06:13:42 <chen>	getting it into a compilable state with incorporating summary changes from db-summary branch
Sep 16 06:13:58 <chen>	will be committing the compilable code tomorrow..
Sep 16 06:14:39 <chen>	anything else which needs to be discussed before we move around the room ?
Sep 16 06:15:09 <chen>	lets move on then,
Sep 16 06:15:19 <chen>	abharath, updates ?
Sep 16 06:15:31 <abharath>	chen: nope nothing this week
Sep 16 06:15:57 <chen>	andre, anything to share with us ?
Sep 16 06:16:42 <chen>	andre, understand the concerns and will take the actions immediately after the 2.28 release ..
Sep 16 06:16:51 <chen>	EvaSDK, anything to share with us?
Sep 16 06:17:22 <chen>	jony, any updates?
Sep 16 06:17:34 <jony>	chen: not much 
Sep 16 06:17:41 <jony>	chen: just pokiing around go-evo wiki 
Sep 16 06:17:52 <jony>	and have a static archive of it now 
Sep 16 06:17:58 <jony>	nothing much other than that 
Sep 16 06:18:11 <chen>	jony, fine
Sep 16 06:18:30 <chen>	jony, keep mbarnes|away  informed on the changes u make..
Sep 16 06:18:36 <jony>	chen: sure . 
Sep 16 06:19:14 <chen>	lakhil, thanks for pitching in at the right time for docs though it was not on ur bucket and unplanned..
Sep 16 06:19:26 <jony>	chen: http://www.gnome.org/~jjohnny/files/go-evo.tar.bz2 . just the initial snapshot
Sep 16 06:19:30 <lakhil>	sure .. no probs 
Sep 16 06:19:41 <chen>	lakhil, anything else apart from that?
Sep 16 06:19:44 <lakhil>	i hope things will go fine though not perfect 
Sep 16 06:19:53 <lakhil>	chen, bug triaging ..nothing much 
Sep 16 06:20:01 <chen>	lakhil, understand
Sep 16 06:20:11 <chen>	mcrha, any updates ?
Sep 16 06:20:14 <mcrha>	nothing to be mentioned, as I was two days off. Though I think I produced some patches/fixes last week.
Sep 16 06:20:38 <lakhil>	mcrha, Action Item : send us holiday pics :P
Sep 16 06:20:49 <chen>	mcrha, i had added an environment variable for skipping the maildir perf fix..
Sep 16 06:21:20 <mcrha>	lakhil, hehe, it was a demolition & construction weekend and following days, far a way from vacation :)
Sep 16 06:21:23 <chen>	to not break the old code..
Sep 16 06:21:31 <chen>	seb128, anything to share?
Sep 16 06:21:50 <seb128>	not really
Sep 16 06:21:54 <mcrha>	chen, "the old code" was there for ~2 weeks, up to a month, not longer. It wasn't there before
Sep 16 06:22:26 <mcrha>	hi seb128, how with your highlights on 2.28 bugs?
Sep 16 06:22:37 <chen>	mcrha, just looking at lakhil /srini's comments did not want to take a risk..
Sep 16 06:22:53 <seb128>	mcrha, I didn't spot anything liking like a real blocker
Sep 16 06:22:56 <mcrha>	chen, sure, that's fine
Sep 16 06:23:08 <seb128>	mcrha, the usually amount or random crashes without steps to trigger those or old bugs
Sep 16 06:23:15 <mcrha>	seb128, any unreal blockers?
Sep 16 06:23:21 <seb128>	ie nothing worth a freeze break now
Sep 16 06:23:26 <seb128>	not that I could see no
Sep 16 06:23:28 <mcrha>	oh, "fine" I guess
Sep 16 06:23:35 <chen>	sounds good
Sep 16 06:23:38 <seb128>	I will try to build a "would be nice to fix for 2.28.1" list later
Sep 16 06:23:50 <chen>	that would be great
Sep 16 06:24:27 <mcrha>	I was told that "today" "2 days ago" and such in a message list can be a day off
Sep 16 06:24:30 <chen>	anything else which needs to be discussed?
Sep 16 06:24:53 <chen>	mcrha, have fixed that
Sep 16 06:25:06 <mcrha>	chen, ah, did you? good
Sep 16 06:25:15 <chen>	mcrha, will let u know the bug id after the meeting..
Sep 16 06:25:30 <mcrha>	thanks, I'm interested what I did incorrectly
Sep 16 06:25:52 <chen>	sure will let u know :)
Sep 16 06:26:34 <chen>	Lets meet next week then after 2.28 release!! and discuss the items for 2.30 and 2.28.1 releases
Sep 16 06:26:44 <chen>	Thanks all!

