* seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-258-1-67-181.w90-13.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
<seb128> hi
* chen_ see thats mbarnes is not there. will send him the logs after the meet
<chen_> hi seb128
<chen_> Lets get started..
<chen_> Now that the feature freeze is in place, its the right time to concentrate of the top bugs on each component.  It would be good if the module maintainers,
<chen_> set the target milestones for the bugs which we want to target for evolution 2.28 . This would give an idea about where our focus is going to be.. We should be using http://www.go-evolution.org/Bugzilla_Topics to choose the right bucket of bugs for 2.28.
<mcrha> when the sorting should be done?
<chen_> The bugs can be chosen based on severity, but there would be definitely some bugs in normal/minor category which might be important too, we need to set the right severity for them
<chen_> mcrha, prolly over this week and choose bugs from the bucket
<mcrha> next two days, I see
<chen_> This would narrow down our focus to the right issues and with a smaller team it becomes importatn
<chen_> mcrha, yup
<jony> thatz a nice wiki page . :)
<mcrha> jony, we should keep it as that empty as it is as much as possible ;)
<chen_> mcrha, will send out a mail to the hackers list so that the other module maintainers can put their opinions
<jony> mcrha: true :)
<chen_> jony, and once things are set, we can put it across in the wiki
<mcrha> chen_, as the first step to the big bugzilla cleanup, I guess?
* srag_ (~sragavan@123.238.26.182) has joined #evolution-meet
<srag_> hello guys
<jony> hi srag_ 
<chen_> hey srag_!
<chen_> mcrha, maybe, but there will more happening once the bugsquad meeting is over on aug 3rd :)
<chen_> mcrha, i see it covers most of the cleanup aspects
* lakhil sees mcrha now days in top bug closer list instead of his well known place - top patch provider :D
<chen_> mcrha, this is just for us to focus on the right ones :)
<abharath> :D
<chen_> lol
<abharath> lakhil: you threatened? ;)
<chen_> another agenda on patch reviews.  We need to mention the active hackers involved in patch reviews based on components and publish it in the wiki..
<lakhil> abharath, not at all ..got a good friend :)
<mcrha> chen_, hmm, bug-squad meeting, I didn't know of such, or is lakhil known as The (A) Team?
<chen_> mcrha, checkout andre's blog :)
<mcrha> yeah, you do not want patches, thus I'm closing with commits directly or just mark duplicates. It's boring a bit
* knirav (~knirav@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
<lakhil> http://mail.gnome.org/archives/gnome-bugsquad/2009-July/msg00010.html
* knirav_ (~knirav@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
<mcrha> lakhil, thanks
<chen_> mcrha, will you be able to take responsibility for the address-book/plugin related patches along with ross ?
<lakhil> mcrha, welcome
* knirav has quit (Leaving)
<mcrha> chen_, hmm, I donot know much about address-book, just few things I touched there
<lakhil> mcrha, you did exchange-contact-list, that's more than enough i guess :)
<chen_> mcrha, prolly you could review the ones which you can and leave the rest for ross and keep in touch with him
<chen_> i see he is quite busy with work and do not want those patches to lye around..
<jony> lakhil: +1 
* mcrha cannot recall touching ross any time before... ;)
<lakhil> hehe
<chen_> mbarnes and srag_ (depending on his work) would be reviewing mailer patches and i will be taking up the calendar ones
<abharath> lol
* mcrha recalls srag_ beeing an address book maintainer
<chen_> abharath for evolution-exchange patches
* srag_ wishes that mcrha had a poor memory
<chen_> for mapi it would be jony :)
<jony> chen_: hehe .. letz see :) 
<mcrha> lakhil, that thing was rather about eex than address book
<jony> there are few pending patches in mapi . 
<srag_> chen_, but, Im not active on patches for the next 1 month atleast
<srag_> chen_, my anjal work load is pretty much 
<chen_> prolly i will summarize and send mail across to all of you and we can decide and update the wiki
<chen_> srag_, understand
<srag_> chen_, and its important that someone reviews Philip's body structure patch
<srag_> I thought I could, but Im getting closer to code freeze, and Im very busy
<chen_> srag_, yes, will ping mbarnes on the same
<srag_> its due for a long time.
<srag_> cool
<mcrha> chen_, ok, what about a deal? I will take care of those if you will down my pending patches to half. Is it a good deal? ;) of course, I do not count things like "needs-work" or "reviewed" set there
<chen_> srag_, so once we get names across and publish it would be good for anyone to know the right person to contact
<chen_> lol
<chen_> mcrha, u should have many got out by now ;)
* psankar (~evo@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
<chen_> hey psankar 
<psankar> hey chen_ 
<mcrha> chen_, there are still quite many pending a review
<lakhil> chen_, you got one more reviewer ;-)
<chen_> mcrha, there are some more which am currently reviewing :)
<chen_> yeah :)
<mcrha> chen_, let's see on bugzilla
<chen_> psankar, we were just discussing about patch reviews and respective owners for them :)
<chen_> mcrha, check ur bgo mails ;)
<chen_> apart from this,
<chen_> as u know jony, is currently working on eds-addressbook port and has almost fixed the issue for authenticated backends
<chen_> i would allow jony to update more..
<psankar> chen_, ah okay.  
* mcrha is seeing around 46 evo patches pending
<jony> chen_: okies . so been working on dbus port. 
<jony> google backend is working .
<chen_> mcrha, oh i saw just 13 calendar patches left ?
<jony> been testing with groupwise .. and fixing some bugs .
<jony> a little slow since i'm very new to EDS and very very new to addressbook . 
<chen_> mcrha, we will look over them after the meeting
<mcrha> chen_, sure
<jony> hopefulyl we'll have a good stable code by this weekend .
<jony> and thanks chen_  for those pointers around eds . 
<chen_> jony, that would be great! and we can then go for branching early next week once the eds-dbus branch is merged
<chen_> to update on the work i had been doing over the last week,
<mcrha> I think I asked last week, but anyway, when the merge and early branch will be done exactly? is the exact date known already?
<chen_> got the patch for migrating the backend cache for calendar for all eds backends committed
<chen_> some patch reviews for the feature freeze. a lot of mcrha :)
<chen_> reading through camel docs and imap rfc's
<chen_> mcrha, am just waiting for the dbus branch to be merged
<seb128> chen_, will eds-dbus land in 2.28 now that feature freeze is in effecT?
<chen_> mcrha, so i guess we will be able to do it next week
<chen_> seb128, its not a feature, so it can land over
<chen_> seb128, it also does not have any api/abi changes..
<seb128> ok
<mcrha> so you really want the eds-dbus in 2.27 before branch? I feel it's too late, rather test it longer, no?
<chen_> mcrha, i have tested it for file backend and its quite stable. we are just fixing bugs for the authenticated backends..
<chen_> it should be safe to take it in for 2.27
<chen_> we will be able to be more conclusive on it, once jony tests it with exchange
<seb128> mcrha, trying to land eds-dbus and evo-bonobo-slay in 2.29 and expect 2.30 to be stable would be a fail imho
<chen_> mcrha, so i will be able to provide more details early next week after jony's work
<mcrha> ok ok
<chen_> lets go around the room for collect updates for everyone :)
<chen_> andre, anything to share ?
* {srinidhi} (~srinidhi@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
<chen_> hi {srinidhi}!
<chen_> abharath, updates ?
<{srinidhi}> hey chen_! :)
<abharath> chen_: been working on the pst importer. so now we support libpst 0.6.41
<abharath> with this update all the distros would have the plugin and makes life easier :)
<chen_> nice!
<chen_> EvaSDK, anything to share ?
<abharath> chen_: and been fixing the snapshots for openSUSE. so they are ready and cooked. should get us good testing now
<chen_> {srinidhi} should be happy to use it :)
<chen_> jony, updates ?
<{srinidhi}> chen_: yeah.. thanks abharath! :)
<abharath> chen_: I meant daily builds :)
<abharath> {srinidhi}: yup your issues should be fixed now :)
<chen_> knirav_, anything to share ?
<jony> chen_: nothing apart form dbus work. 
<knirav_> Ya - On the go-evolution.org wiki
<chen_> jony, will get in touch with you after the meeting on the same
<jony> chen_: sure .
<chen_> knirav_, go on :)
<knirav_> We have a blackout period in Novell till 7 Aug and hence installing of extensions would be an issue
<chen_> knirav_, i guess considering all the facts we discussed over the e-h list,
<chen_> it would be good to move to l.g.o
<psankar> knirav_, so, is it decided that we are gonna stick with go-evo ?
<knirav_> chen_, seems good to me
<{srinidhi}> knirav_: isn't blackout period only for new procurements?
<knirav_> chen_, As such i see issues in further support also
<psankar> knirav_, if we are moving to l.g.o , why should we worry about the extensions in go-evo ? /me is confused
<knirav_> {srinidhi}, Its applicable for IS&T also
<jony> psankar: +1 
<knirav_> psankar, I was thinking that i could get these things done within 2 weeks 
<{srinidhi}> knirav_: yes, blackout period for IS&T means no new procurements, IIRC
<psankar> knirav_, which things ? installing extensions ? 
<jony> knirav_: from the discussions , most of the community is in favour of moving to l.g.o . any reason the content should still be in go-evo.org ? 
<chen_> psankar, i think we can now conclude that moving to l.g.o will be the good approach to take :)
<psankar> knirav_, but if we are gonna migrate to l.g.o. do we need extensions ?
<knirav_> {srinidhi}, Updates not possible
<jony> +1 for l.g.o . 
<knirav_> psankar, for installing captcha
<psankar> chen_, yes. if it is so, why we shoudl worry about installing extensions (or) Novell IS&T blackout ?
<chen_> psankar, and prolly have the historical data need to gnome.org/projects/evolution ..
<psankar> knirav_, chen_ : so the decision to move to l.g.o is final ? 
<chen_> psankar, i think knirav_ was trying to see if we can get captcha installed to solve the spam issue
<jony> chen_: iirc mbarnes manages gnome.org/projects/evol . (not sure)
<srag_> knirav_, why should we install captha if we are moving to l.g.o ?
<srag_> chen_, you don't need extensions like capta for getting the historical data.
<srag_> Im missing somehting 
<srag_> jony, right
<psankar> srag_, exactly my question :-) 
<chen_> jony,  ur right
<knirav_> srag_, I was thinking that there could be a possibility of we maintaining it
<jony> i say . ditch go-evo and move to l.g.o . redirect the domain go-evo to some page . 
<psankar> chen_, knirav_ : So,  what is the final decision ? we migrate to l.g.o ? 
<knirav_> psankar, Yes 
<chen_> l.g.o clearly :)
<psankar> chen_, knirav_ : If so, we should start planning on how to migrate the pages. and not, installing captcha on go-evio ... right ?
<jony> knirav_: can you type it out. (just for the logs ) 
<andre> chen_, anybody can change gnome.org/projects/evolution. it's in gnomeweb-wml in git, under "projects.gnome.org" subfolder
<jony> andre: ah ! nice !!! 
<chen_> psankar, knirav_ was trying to get things done on go-evolution.org, but it looks like it will take time again and so its better to move to l.g.o
<abharath> andre: aah nice :)
<{srinidhi}> andre: oh.. so even patches are welcome? nice! :)
<andre> html-hack yourself away ;-)
<srag_> knirav_, oh. IMHO, the decision should be based on popularity, accessibility of admins, single-login-wiki etc etc. than time available to fix.
<chen_> lets move on :)
<chen_> lakhil, updates ?
<srag_> I leave it to you guys
<lakhil> chen_, mostly on sle testing and bug triaging in bgo 
<knirav_> srag_, I would like community to decide
<psankar> chen_, wait. so, the decision is we mvoe to l.g.o. , can we convey this in hackers ?  so we need to plan how to do this next . right ?
<jony> decided :) l.g.o . 
<jony> psankar: i guess so .
<chen_> psankar, right!
<srag_> knirav_, gr8
<jony> chen_ / knirav_ : can you update the e-h thread ?
<chen_> psankar, srag_ so its decided to go for l.g.o :)
<andre> yes, +1 for l.g.o.  it looks maintained.
<chen_> i guess knirav_ also agrees to it :)
<knirav_> chen_, yes
<srag_> cool.
<chen_> mcrha, updates ?
<psankar> thanks for clarifying chen_ .... I was confused as to why Novell IS & T blackout period is mentioned at all
<jony> psankar: me too :) 
<chen_> psankar, np :)
<mcrha> no updates apart of those lakhil mentioned above about changing my work-character a bit
<chen_> lol
<chen_> psankar, anything to share ?
<psankar> chen_, nope. nothing from my side :-)
* chen_ liked the points which psankar mentioned in e-h on the wiki thing :)
<chen_> seb128, anything to share ?
<psankar> chen_, huh. thanks :-) 
<seb128> nothing new no
<chen_> srag_, anything to share ?
<seb128> we did the 2.27.5 update in ubuntu, seems to work correctly 
<chen_> nice!
<srag_> chen_, just Anjal works.. 
<chen_> srag_, had sent the list of disk-summary bugs over to you - http://www.go-evolution.org/Bugzilla_Topics#evolution.5Bdisk-summary.5D
<srag_> nothing more.
<srag_> ok
<chen_> srag_, prolly wee need discuss over them to fix the critical bugs for 2.28
<chen_> {srinidhi}, anything to share?
<{srinidhi}> chen_: nope :)
<chen_> anything else from anyone which needs to be discussed ?
<mcrha> chen_, the eds-dbus, is it full eds over dbus or address book "only"? I didn't follow much closely, I'm sorry
<andre> any date yet for gnome-2-28 branching? (getting a bit nervous seeing the red statistics on the gnome3 page)
<chen_> mcrha, only the address-book part
<mcrha> ok, thanks
<chen_> andre, sometime next week once eds-addressbook port is merged
<chen_> andre, jony is working on some bugs right now for the same
<andre> cool
<jony> looks like i'm getting into spotlight now :) 
<chen_> Lets then meet next week with freezes removed from master which would make mcrha happy :)
<mcrha> jony v.i.p.
<jony> mcrha: hehe .. i hope not :) 
<mcrha> chen_, yeah, definitely, more happy with kb merge
<chen_> mcrha, :)
<chen_> See you all next week!
* jony (~jjohnny@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet
<mcrha> bye
<chen_> bye
* srag_ (~sragavan@123.238.26.182) has left #evolution-meet
* chen_ copies the logs to send it over to mbarnes
