Apr 29 06:06:10 <srag>	Hello guys
Apr 29 06:06:52 *	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-158-1-16-202.w90-40.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 29 06:07:04 <srag>	2.27.1 is moved to next monday as you know, and that gives us some time to get prepared with git
Apr 29 06:07:22 <srag>	but we are shrinking our oustanding patches
Apr 29 06:07:31 <srag>	should be done with most of them pretty soon.
Apr 29 06:07:57 <srag>	I assume, we have some agenda to discuss today, we can get to that asap
Apr 29 06:07:58 *	Fridrich is going to attach patches in bugzilla, because git is a bit above his paygrade for the while :)
Apr 29 06:08:05 <srag>	:)
Apr 29 06:08:33 *	srag is yet to commit to Evo/EDS git
Apr 29 06:08:49 <abharath>	:)
Apr 29 06:08:51 <srag>	I have a list of pending things to commit, just that Im mad schedule on Anjal for the next 2 weeks
Apr 29 06:08:59 <srag>	I should find some time.
Apr 29 06:09:04 <seb128>	is anybody still working on 2.26?
Apr 29 06:09:07 <srag>	I'll quickly move ahead
Apr 29 06:09:12 <srag>	seb128, of course..
Apr 29 06:09:29 <srag>	we still have two dot releases on stable 
Apr 29 06:09:31 <seb128>	calendar is quite broken there
Apr 29 06:09:35 <srag>	and you will see regular improvements
Apr 29 06:09:41 <srag>	chen, are you aware of it ?
Apr 29 06:09:42 <chen>	seb128, whats the issue?
Apr 29 06:09:52 <seb128>	chen: can't edit recursive events
Apr 29 06:10:05 <seb128>	those are not moved correctly or duplicated
Apr 29 06:10:11 <seb128>	when evolution doesn't crash
Apr 29 06:10:20 <chen>	seb128, have u filed any bug?
Apr 29 06:10:26 *	jony (~jjohnny@122.167.78.248) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 29 06:10:27 <chen>	seb128, let me know the bug id..
Apr 29 06:10:36 <srag>	sure
Apr 29 06:10:42 <srag>	lets get around the channel
Apr 29 06:10:42 <seb128>	chen: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=580720
Apr 29 06:10:42 <jony>	srag, i made it :) and hello all 
Apr 29 06:10:46 <srag>	andre, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:10:48 <srag>	jony, awesome
Apr 29 06:11:02 <chen>	seb128, will look into it today
Apr 29 06:11:05 <seb128>	ups
Apr 29 06:11:12 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:11:27 <andre>	basically i want the e-d-s dbus port to become default, but there's not the right people here :)
Apr 29 06:11:30 <seb128>	chen: that one was a translation issue, I will give you the correct number in a few minutes
Apr 29 06:11:42 <chen>	seb128, sure
Apr 29 06:11:44 <abharath>	srag: We have a rework of external editor now on master
Apr 29 06:11:52 <abharath>	It works neat and is very lovely
Apr 29 06:11:59 <srag>	andre, right. I had poked Ross last week on it, 
Apr 29 06:12:09 <srag>	seems like we should see more progress now.
Apr 29 06:12:14 <abharath>	apart from that some fixes for templates and other issues.
Apr 29 06:12:20 <srag>	I realized that a new git branch was created last week
Apr 29 06:12:31 <Fridrich>	but leave the non-dbus solution possible still, because dbus for win32 is not going to be reality for some time still
Apr 29 06:12:49 <srag>	Fridrich, we can discuss that out.
Apr 29 06:12:55 <abharath>	Fridrich: some time ;)
Apr 29 06:13:00 <andre>	Fridrich, yeah, but default should be dbus
Apr 29 06:13:07 <chen>	ah yeah srag i also asked ross about eds-port and the reply was ideally it would be done for 2.27.2 :) so not sure
Apr 29 06:13:16 <srag>	right.
Apr 29 06:13:31 <srag>	I have more contact with Intel on this, so Im hoping for the best
Apr 29 06:13:38 <chen>	nice!
Apr 29 06:14:10 <andre>	great
Apr 29 06:14:13 <srag>	thx
Apr 29 06:14:18 <srag>	bradh, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:14:21 <srag>	abharath, awesome
Apr 29 06:14:31 <srag>	abharath, any reason it can't make to stablke ?
Apr 29 06:14:35 <srag>	any UI changes ?
Apr 29 06:14:46 <abharath>	srag: some configuration changes yes
Apr 29 06:14:52 <srag>	hokay
Apr 29 06:14:52 <abharath>	plugin configuration
Apr 29 06:15:15 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:15:43 <chen>	srag, fixing bnc (bugzilla.novell.com) bugs and some customer issues along with some patch reviews
Apr 29 06:15:50 <srag>	chen, cool. 
Apr 29 06:16:00 <srag>	EvaSDK, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:16:56 <srag>	Fridrich, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:17:22 <bradh>	sorry, nothing from me
Apr 29 06:17:28 <srag>	bradh, thx
Apr 29 06:17:35 <srag>	jkerihuel, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:17:42 <jkerihuel>	srag: yes ;-)
Apr 29 06:17:47 <srag>	jkerihuel, awesome :-)
Apr 29 06:17:59 <srag>	go ahead
Apr 29 06:18:01 <jkerihuel>	ok, so let's start with development oriented things first
Apr 29 06:18:06 <srag>	sure
Apr 29 06:18:14 <jkerihuel>	1. we have 2 students working on openchange as part of GSoC 2009
Apr 29 06:18:31 <jony>	(oh .. i thought 3 projects ) 
Apr 29 06:18:42 <jkerihuel>	and their work (if successful) should at some point be worthwhile enough to enter gnome desktop
Apr 29 06:18:44 <jkerihuel>	jony: yeah 3
Apr 29 06:19:00 <srag>	nice
Apr 29 06:19:01 <jkerihuel>	but the 3rd one is a bit unrelated to gnome (in some way - thunderbird integration)
Apr 29 06:19:13 <jkerihuel>	1st project: GUI frontend for openchange tools
Apr 29 06:19:26 <seb128>	chen: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=580724
Apr 29 06:19:27 *	chen looks at it
Apr 29 06:19:32 <jkerihuel>	which basically means: mapiprofile applet for gnome/kde system tool
Apr 29 06:19:40 <jkerihuel>	openchangepfadmin and mapiproxy
Apr 29 06:19:50 <jkerihuel>	the one that may really matters here is mapiprofile
Apr 29 06:20:18 <jkerihuel>	I'd like as much as possible to extract to sync the ema account setup and this work, so there's a common database for all apps
Apr 29 06:20:51 <jkerihuel>	let's say you use ema for email/calendar but prefer kontact for contacts (and all of them have openchange support), it would be nice for the user not to have to define different profiles databases
Apr 29 06:21:20 <chen>	ema?
Apr 29 06:21:28 <Fridrich>	evo-mapi
Apr 29 06:21:35 <jkerihuel>	chen: sorry learned mcrha acronyms ;-)
Apr 29 06:21:37 <chen>	ok :)
Apr 29 06:21:41 <abharath>	:)
Apr 29 06:21:42 <srag>	:)
Apr 29 06:22:02 <jkerihuel>	so if we could find in a near future a way to sync on this, that would be nice
Apr 29 06:22:03 <srag>	jkerihuel, sure.
Apr 29 06:22:11 *	jony has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))
Apr 29 06:22:15 <jkerihuel>	among things I'd like to see: the possibility for the user to select between a list of profiles
Apr 29 06:22:18 <srag>	what sort of sync you expect ?
Apr 29 06:22:21 <jkerihuel>	set the default one etc.
Apr 29 06:22:33 <jkerihuel>	a sync in term of database location (mostly)
Apr 29 06:22:39 *	jony (~jjohnny@122.167.78.248) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 29 06:22:44 <srag>	sure.
Apr 29 06:23:04 <jkerihuel>	something that is painful for users atm is when they come to fill bug reports
Apr 29 06:23:20 <jkerihuel>	and we ask them to use openchange tools to detect whether the bug is ours or ema related only
Apr 29 06:23:33 <srag>	jkerihuel, the current model is we hide profile to the users
Apr 29 06:23:42 <srag>	since we didn't want to complicate the UI
Apr 29 06:24:11 <jkerihuel>	srag: yeah I can understand this ;-)
Apr 29 06:24:16 <srag>	and it currently lies inside .evolution
Apr 29 06:24:28 <jony>	jkerihuel, want the profile.ldb to be in a common place rather than ~/.evolution
Apr 29 06:24:32 <jony>	?
Apr 29 06:24:36 <jkerihuel>	jony: correct
Apr 29 06:24:42 <jkerihuel>	for general-purpose benefits
Apr 29 06:24:44 <srag>	may be ~/.mapi-profiles.ldb
Apr 29 06:25:22 <jkerihuel>	it is not an urgent task, just wanted to place a reminder on this so it is not forgotten next
Apr 29 06:25:25 <jony>	this should be a simple change .. :) and shouldn't hurt evolution at all .. 
Apr 29 06:25:28 <srag>	sure.
Apr 29 06:25:35 <srag>	jony, may be some migration for 2.26 users
Apr 29 06:25:42 <srag>	 in 2.28
Apr 29 06:25:46 <jony>	right .. 
Apr 29 06:25:47 <jkerihuel>	srag: also some users tends to use mapiprofile instead of ema in some cases - e.g.: when they have ambiguous names
Apr 29 06:26:07 *	You are now known as mbarnes
Apr 29 06:26:25 <jkerihuel>	that is only meant to be temp, but solves some issues and can help decreasing importance of such issues in trackers/bugzillas
Apr 29 06:26:36 <jkerihuel>	the other project is about exchange2ical tool
Apr 29 06:26:43 <jkerihuel>	mentored by bradh
Apr 29 06:26:57 <srag>	nice
Apr 29 06:26:59 <jkerihuel>	which should - if successful - be dual calendar sync exchange <-> ical
Apr 29 06:27:05 <jkerihuel>	and will rely on libical
Apr 29 06:27:22 *	jony has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))
Apr 29 06:27:27 <srag>	the upstream libical irght?
Apr 29 06:27:40 <srag>	jkerihuel, ^^ ?>
Apr 29 06:27:41 *	jony (~jjohnny@122.167.78.248) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 29 06:27:45 <jkerihuel>	so question: very probably - up to bradh to answer this one
Apr 29 06:28:01 <jkerihuel>	the exchange2ical code should be refactored into some library
Apr 29 06:28:23 <jkerihuel>	so question: when we come to have this code ready, would you like to use it for offline storage?
Apr 29 06:28:35 <jkerihuel>	or would it have a lot of impact on evolution storage semantics
Apr 29 06:28:46 <jony>	chen ^? 
Apr 29 06:28:49 <chen>	seb128, just tried the operations in trunk and seems to work fine. will checkout 2.6.x (need to build). could be some missing patch
Apr 29 06:28:56 *	chen reads the logs
Apr 29 06:29:07 <seb128>	chen: ok thanks
Apr 29 06:29:22 <seb128>	chen: I confirmed on 2 boxes and mcrha said it doesn't work for him either
Apr 29 06:29:43 <srag>	jkerihuel, the point is, we already have an implementation for this
Apr 29 06:29:58 <srag>	I would be happy if the code in evolution is picked up and refactored as library
Apr 29 06:30:04 <jkerihuel>	srag: a complete exchange 2 ical ?
Apr 29 06:30:07 <mcrha>	seb128, chen yup, it didn't, on trunk/master
Apr 29 06:30:09 <bradh>	srag: the exchange2ical plan is to ahve a lib that talks libical on one side and exchange on the other side.
Apr 29 06:30:17 <jkerihuel>	with the 100% mapping as described in MS specs
Apr 29 06:30:29 <srag>	jkerihuel, not sure on the MS specs,
Apr 29 06:30:29 <bradh>	so it effectively implements all of MS-OXOICAL
Apr 29 06:30:55 <chen>	seb128, mcrha : will build 2.26.x and fix it up
Apr 29 06:30:57 <bradh>	then exchange2ical just does a local store and sync
Apr 29 06:31:02 <seb128>	chen: thanks
Apr 29 06:31:09 <chen>	seb128, np
Apr 29 06:31:14 <jony>	bradh, this includes recurrence / meetings / and all the variations ? 
Apr 29 06:31:34 <srag>	may be I need to understand more on the aspects of exchange2ical
Apr 29 06:31:40 <EvaSDK>	srag: nope
Apr 29 06:31:53 <srag>	jkerihuel, how would you think, it would affect Evo, in code..
Apr 29 06:32:00 <srag>	meaning, how could Evo use it ?
Apr 29 06:32:07 <bradh>	jony: we already have recurrence implemented (in exchange->ical direction), just needs polish and packaging up.
Apr 29 06:32:58 <srag>	is it just about get/put of ical ?
Apr 29 06:33:02 <jkerihuel>	srag: I'm not sure yet, we obviously need to discuss this later when we have some of the code we discussed above ready
Apr 29 06:33:10 <jony>	evolution -> exchange2ical -> libical ? 
Apr 29 06:33:10 <srag>	or does it deal with individual events  on a existing cal ?
Apr 29 06:33:13 <bradh>	you'll basically be able to say "give me meeting matching Message ID" and it will give you back an ical data structure.
Apr 29 06:33:23 <srag>	jkerihuel, sure
Apr 29 06:33:38 <jkerihuel>	bradh is the one to be in the loop for this one ;-)
Apr 29 06:33:41 <jony>	srag, one concern i would have here is the number of connections .. 
Apr 29 06:33:48 <srag>	jony, sure
Apr 29 06:34:12 <jkerihuel>	shall I move to the next point/topic?
Apr 29 06:34:22 <bradh>	well, right now you have to get all the properties and convert them.
Apr 29 06:34:24 <srag>	jkerihuel, sure.
Apr 29 06:34:32 <jkerihuel>	ok exchange 2007 support
Apr 29 06:34:33 <srag>	bradh, we can discuss in detail later on
Apr 29 06:34:45 <bradh>	srag: np. ask when ready.
Apr 29 06:34:46 <chen>	bradh, does that mean using this tool, evolution can speak ical with exchange both ways ?
Apr 29 06:35:17 <jkerihuel>	currently we are using exchange 2000 (xormagic) calls and it sometimes cause troubles to users within a exchange 2007 environment with no rollback compatibility
Apr 29 06:35:28 <srag>	ok
Apr 29 06:35:36 <jkerihuel>	I intend to change this on mid-term and mix openchange libmapi stack so we can have native exch2k7 support too
Apr 29 06:35:45 <srag>	sounds awesome
Apr 29 06:35:54 <jkerihuel>	and fallback to existing stack in case it doesn't work / is not supported
Apr 29 06:36:03 <jkerihuel>	I've also been working on clustered exchange environment
Apr 29 06:36:04 <jony>	ncie ! 
Apr 29 06:36:12 <srag>	nice
Apr 29 06:36:22 <jkerihuel>	so users shouldn't encounter anymore ecWrongServer errors
Apr 29 06:36:36 <srag>	right, its a common question on the list I guess
Apr 29 06:36:44 <jkerihuel>	there may still be some special cases not handled but at least should work with most users
Apr 29 06:36:51 <jkerihuel>	it is already in openchange trunk
Apr 29 06:36:58 <srag>	ok
Apr 29 06:37:00 <jkerihuel>	so this leads to the next point:
Apr 29 06:37:12 <jkerihuel>	what about ema/openchange libs version sync?
Apr 29 06:37:20 <jkerihuel>	how can we get sure we keep updated?
Apr 29 06:37:26 <srag>	jkerihuel, for GNOME 2.28, we can update the versions
Apr 29 06:37:27 <jkerihuel>	how does this impact distributions?
Apr 29 06:37:36 <srag>	distros would adopt to it
Apr 29 06:38:10 <srag>	infact, I was looking at bringing in 0.8.2 for gnome 2-26 stable, but yet to receive a nod from jony on the level of changes/risk
Apr 29 06:38:31 <srag>	iirc, seb128 was not in favour of changing the deps on the stable branch, but we first need to see, where we would stand
Apr 29 06:38:42 <jkerihuel>	srag: I expect OpenChange to be able to release a new version within a month or so
Apr 29 06:38:47 <seb128>	I just said updating to 0.8.2 would not work for jaunty
Apr 29 06:38:49 <jony>	:) will get this done before next meet. (/me has some internal time consuming tasks) 
Apr 29 06:38:54 <seb128>	0.8 to 0.8.2 is not a trivial update
Apr 29 06:38:59 <srag>	seb128, sure
Apr 29 06:39:06 <jkerihuel>	seb128: yeah correct
Apr 29 06:39:29 <srag>	jkerihuel,  would we have a version of Samba/OpenChange/libmapi for GNOME 2.28 to depend on soon ?
Apr 29 06:39:32 <srag>	all three synced
Apr 29 06:39:34 <jkerihuel>	what makes it pretty "not ubuntu convenient" is that a lot of server-side code was added
Apr 29 06:39:55 <jkerihuel>	srag: probably, we are looking for a new samba4 version in a while samba4-alpha8
Apr 29 06:40:02 <srag>	ok. 
Apr 29 06:40:07 <jkerihuel>	which we'll be using for the next openchange release
Apr 29 06:40:11 <srag>	I assume your new version would have some samba deps
Apr 29 06:40:25 <srag>	as you know, GNOME wants a tarball/version to depend on than revs
Apr 29 06:40:33 <jkerihuel>	srag: afaik no other deps than the ones already packaged/existing
Apr 29 06:40:46 <srag>	oh.. interesting
Apr 29 06:40:51 <jkerihuel>	afaik mbarnes/simo are working on this part
Apr 29 06:41:02 <srag>	meaning htat with existing samba, and new libmapi, it would be fine ?
Apr 29 06:41:12 <jkerihuel>	yes
Apr 29 06:41:21 <srag>	that would make things a lot easier
Apr 29 06:41:25 <jkerihuel>	however we'll increased the major version for next release
Apr 29 06:41:35 <jkerihuel>	there are a few API changes (regarding notifications)
Apr 29 06:41:39 <jkerihuel>	that require us to do so
Apr 29 06:42:00 <srag>	are there any changes that Evo should adopt to?
Apr 29 06:42:01 <jkerihuel>	however no incompatibility regarding the API ema already uses
Apr 29 06:42:12 <jony>	we are not using any sort of notifications as of now . .so should be fine . 
Apr 29 06:42:14 <srag>	that answers it
Apr 29 06:42:23 <srag>	jony, we should be looking at very soon
Apr 29 06:42:28 <jkerihuel>	srag: maybe a few proto, but nothing really meaningful
Apr 29 06:42:33 <srag>	cool.
Apr 29 06:42:41 <jony>	srag, sure .. 
Apr 29 06:42:49 <srag>	that should be no problem IMO, we can depend on 0.9 (?)  once thatz released, after I get a nod from the gnome release team
Apr 29 06:43:08 <jkerihuel>	srag: fair enough
Apr 29 06:43:31 <jkerihuel>	last point I wanted to check with you is about all the bugs report
Apr 29 06:43:39 <jkerihuel>	I'm starting getting lost to be honest
Apr 29 06:43:46 <srag>	:)
Apr 29 06:43:54 <jkerihuel>	gnome bugzilla, launchpad, redhat bugzilla
Apr 29 06:44:20 <jkerihuel>	I do not automatically receive notifications for those who may impact openchange, (except launchpad)
Apr 29 06:44:30 <jkerihuel>	this makes the sync in fixing bugs a but difficult
Apr 29 06:44:42 <jkerihuel>	would you have any suggestions/pointers on how this could be improved?
Apr 29 06:44:54 <jony>	hmm .. been working on internal tasks .. but i think i should be able to spend more time on MAPI from few days .. 
Apr 29 06:45:12 <srag>	jkerihuel, my preference would be to bring issues to upstream
Apr 29 06:45:16 <srag>	and track from there,
Apr 29 06:45:22 <srag>	which is how, we handle most of hte things
Apr 29 06:45:45 <jkerihuel>	ok so gnome bugzilla should be ref nb 1?
Apr 29 06:46:07 <srag>	I would believe so, unless seb128 mbarnes mcrha have some thoughts against it.
Apr 29 06:46:23 <mcrha>	nope, usually upstream things from the rh bugzilla
Apr 29 06:46:36 <seb128>	I usually send bugs upstream too
Apr 29 06:46:44 <srag>	cool, that makes it easier
Apr 29 06:46:48 <bradh>	so you'll push stuff to openchange trac?
Apr 29 06:47:04 <mcrha>	jony, is there any virtual mapi user jkerihuel can watch to?
Apr 29 06:47:20 <seb128>	oh, openchange, I'm not working on that, the ubuntu packages come from debian
Apr 29 06:47:23 <srag>	mcrha, jkerihuel we can add jkerihuel part of mapi bug list
Apr 29 06:47:26 <jony>	i use rss to track .. 
Apr 29 06:47:39 <seb128>	but I can ask the ubuntu server team to try to do that
Apr 29 06:48:00 <srag>	cool.
Apr 29 06:48:19 <jkerihuel>	thx
Apr 29 06:48:20 <srag>	jkerihuel, I can get you part of Evo/MAPI bugs, from where, you can take your bugs to OpenChange
Apr 29 06:48:32 <srag>	if they aren't EMA 
Apr 29 06:48:33 <jkerihuel>	srag: that would be great
Apr 29 06:48:37 <srag>	awesome
Apr 29 06:48:49 <srag>	anything more jkerihuel ?
Apr 29 06:48:54 <jkerihuel>	ok, nothing more to share yet ;-)
Apr 29 06:49:01 <srag>	thanks a lot jkerihuel 
Apr 29 06:49:05 <srag>	jony, anything to discuss ?
Apr 29 06:49:38 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:49:46 <jony>	srag, hmm nothing much .. help up in internal tasks (keep  saying this for a longtime .. ) and i should be able to work on mapi a bit more from few days 
Apr 29 06:49:51 <jony>	s/help/held
Apr 29 06:49:59 <lakhil>	sle related stuff,  testing on evolution-mapi with libmapi trunk (mostly towards memory related issue), bug triaging and have started with anjal   
Apr 29 06:50:02 <srag>	nice
Apr 29 06:50:21 <srag>	lakhil, I had requested a bugzilla for Anjal, should be there soon.
Apr 29 06:50:32 <lakhil>	that will be great 
Apr 29 06:50:44 <jkerihuel>	lakhil, cool. feel free to put me in the loop if you have comments/critics
Apr 29 06:50:44 <srag>	mbarnes, morning :-) anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:50:51 <mbarnes>	landed the attachment rewrite for 2.27.1, so watch out for bugs there
Apr 29 06:50:51 <mbarnes>	now I'm back to kill-bonobo hacking
Apr 29 06:50:51 <mbarnes>	lakhil has been testing and filing bugs on it (thanks, btw)
Apr 29 06:50:51 <mbarnes>	anyone else is welcome to as well
Apr 29 06:50:58 <lakhil>	jkerihuel, sure 
Apr 29 06:51:05 <srag>	mbarnes, awesome
Apr 29 06:51:08 <lakhil>	mbarnes, most welcome :) 
Apr 29 06:51:26 <srag>	mbarnes, I like the idea, of cut and merge small portions of KB, 
Apr 29 06:51:28 <seb128>	mbarnes: how far is that one to land to trunk?
Apr 29 06:52:16 *	jony is now known as jony|afk
Apr 29 06:52:27 <mbarnes>	seb128: I still have a lot of work to do on the calendar.  haven't lost hope for 2.27.3 but the the deadline's approaching fast
Apr 29 06:52:40 <srag>	thx mbarnes and all the best
Apr 29 06:52:46 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 06:52:49 <mcrha>	just committed bunch of patches to git, which leads me to discussing about changelogs and commit messages. Any consensus on evo-family side already?
Apr 29 06:53:16 <srag>	we can ditch ChangeLogs, Im in favor of it.
Apr 29 06:53:25 *	mbarnes has already stopped updating ChangeLogs
Apr 29 06:53:26 <srag>	we can have a format for git commit logs
Apr 29 06:53:30 <srag>	cool.
Apr 29 06:53:39 *	srag was asked this, but wanted to take a decision on this meeting
Apr 29 06:53:47 <srag>	is anyone against this model ?
Apr 29 06:54:03 <mcrha>	what will be a format for git commit messages?
Apr 29 06:54:09 <seb128>	http://live.gnome.org/Git/CommitMessages
Apr 29 06:54:20 <jony|afk>	my concern would be what if after few years we move to a new VCS  ? 
Apr 29 06:54:20 <mcrha>	what will be a format for git commit messages in evo?
Apr 29 06:54:37 <srag>	mcrha, I have some format, specially that helps NEWS generation
Apr 29 06:54:38 <mbarnes>	it if make it official we should rename all the ChangeLog files
Apr 29 06:54:45 <mbarnes>	ChangeLog.pre-2.27 or something
Apr 29 06:54:47 <jony|afk>	and changelogs are much easier way for finding information than going through git commit logs 
Apr 29 06:54:52 <srag>	mbarnes, sure
Apr 29 06:55:17 <mcrha>	srag, "some format" sounds very promising ;)
Apr 29 06:55:22 <srag>	jony|afk, I assume, we can extract them, at some point, if we really want.
Apr 29 06:55:35 <srag>	mcrha, basically, http://live.gnome.org/Git/CommitMessages looks simple
Apr 29 06:55:56 <srag>	I want the [Short tag] to be specificed with some tags, which would go automatically for NEWS
Apr 29 06:56:04 <srag>	so that we give meaning ful NEWS files
Apr 29 06:56:13 <srag>	I guess the dev is the best guy, to write  an entry for NEWS
Apr 29 06:56:15 <jony|afk>	srag, imho changelog files : i just open it up and search for some phrase . .
Apr 29 06:56:27 <mcrha>	ok, if following that, and no special ChangeLog entries anywhere, then why not. I'm fine with that
Apr 29 06:56:30 <jony|afk>	not sure how i would be able to do that (easy) in git logs
Apr 29 06:56:47 <seb128>	there is some discussion on d-d-l about ChangeLog too
Apr 29 06:57:06 <seb128>	and some piece of code to autogenerate those from git log
Apr 29 06:57:09 <mcrha>	srag, eh, what kind of tag do you mean?
Apr 29 06:57:34 <srag>	Currently we have something like '** fix for bug #?'
Apr 29 06:57:49 <seb128>	"git log --date=short --pretty=format:"@@@@%cd  %an  <%ae>%n%n%s%n%n%b" |
Apr 29 06:57:49 <seb128>	perl -ne 'if (/^\s*$/) { if (!$blank) { print; $blank=1; } } else
Apr 29 06:57:49 <seb128>	{$blank=0; if (!s/^@@@@// && !/^\t/) { print "\t"; } print; }'"
Apr 29 06:57:53 <seb128>	was suggested on the list
Apr 29 06:58:00 <seb128>	which gives a format similar to the current one
Apr 29 06:58:18 <srag>	instead, ** BUGFIX: #NUM - Fixes the crash while loading calendar foo
Apr 29 06:58:45 <abharath>	srag: that would make the work for generating NEWS too simple ;)
Apr 29 06:58:50 <srag>	or something line ** FEATURE: Adds support for Smartcard auth
Apr 29 06:58:55 <Fridrich>	and for commit that doesn't have bugzilla entry?
Apr 29 06:59:00 <Fridrich>	ah, ok
Apr 29 06:59:12 <mcrha>	less than 80 chars on the first line, right?
Apr 29 06:59:16 <srag>	Fridrich, if you think that not worth mentioning, leave that ** entry at all
Apr 29 06:59:32 <mbarnes>	yeah, drop the **
Apr 29 06:59:36 <srag>	that would help us to generate good NEWS files, useful for users/distro maintainers
Apr 29 07:00:00 <Fridrich>	ah,ok, it is not mandatory
Apr 29 07:00:26 <srag>	we can make a template, and add this to Evo, lets make the template and make it part of our git
Apr 29 07:00:45 <srag>	oops, repetition
Apr 29 07:00:46 <Fridrich>	actually, can someone commit this for me before I learn git? http://www.go-oo.org/~fridrich/win32/evolution-2.26.0-fileuri.patch
Apr 29 07:01:13 <srag>	does the format sounds fine for every one ?
Apr 29 07:01:29 <mcrha>	one thing, th e bugfix, if it's a different bug than gnome?
Apr 29 07:01:49 <mbarnes>	srag: for bugfixes, could we instead just copy-n-paste the Bugzilla title?  (Bug nnnnnn - Bug summary goes here)
Apr 29 07:02:23 <srag>	BUGFIX is the keyword, we can have #F00(BNC) - fixes baa
Apr 29 07:02:31 <srag>	mbarnes, it won't be meaning ful always
Apr 29 07:02:43 <srag>	mbarnes, we should have some one correcting the titles then
Apr 29 07:02:53 <srag>	at times, its not even english 
Apr 29 07:03:04 <abharath>	and for bnc bugs, plz add the description as part of the longer explanation please
Apr 29 07:03:25 <mbarnes>	well, -we- should be doing that.  at the very least when we close the bug
Apr 29 07:03:54 <srag>	mbarnes, we can do either way. 
Apr 29 07:04:00 *	mcrha is lazy and bad in wording
Apr 29 07:04:22 <srag>	mcrha, you are going for english classes, so you would be better then ;-)
Apr 29 07:04:35 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Apr 29 07:04:44 <mcrha>	srag, it would be nice if so
Apr 29 07:04:45 *	srag has one question to seb128 & mbarnes at the end.
Apr 29 07:04:48 <mbarnes>	I mean if we're gonna have to summarize the bug in one line anyway, may as well update the Bugzilla summary to match, right?
Apr 29 07:05:23 <seb128>	srag: not really
Apr 29 07:05:28 <srag>	mbarnes, since we have a short commit msg, we can add it part of it. git helps to commit offline
Apr 29 07:05:30 <seb128>	tracking some calendar issues in 2.26
Apr 29 07:05:39 <mcrha>	mbarnes, srag, I either write what I fixed or what's the impact on user/what they see
Apr 29 07:05:41 <srag>	seb128, mbarnes I have a question for you 
Apr 29 07:05:43 <seb128>	there is quite some libical crash cases too
Apr 29 07:05:50 <seb128>	srag: yes?
Apr 29 07:06:06 <mcrha>	mbarnes, srag, never ever both
Apr 29 07:06:20 <srag>	Im splitting libevolution-mail-component.so and creating libevolution-mail-share.so
Apr 29 07:06:37 <srag>	Is it fine, if I take it to stable branch also ?
Apr 29 07:06:58 *	chen has quit (Leaving)
Apr 29 07:07:04 <srag>	I know, for 2.26.2 packaging you might have to do some extra packaging
Apr 29 07:07:16 <seb128>	srag: there is no such .so right now?
Apr 29 07:07:22 <srag>	seb128, right
Apr 29 07:07:31 <srag>	Anjal would need that -share.so,
Apr 29 07:07:35 <seb128>	you mean libevolution-mail.so?
Apr 29 07:07:41 <srag>	seb128, right :-)
Apr 29 07:07:43 <Fridrich>	srag: when is 2.26.2 due?
Apr 29 07:07:49 <seb128>	it's not a shared library so that should be no issue
Apr 29 07:08:03 <srag>	Fridrich, May 18
Apr 29 07:08:15 <srag>	I would have addition libevolutoin-mail-shared.so
Apr 29 07:08:29 <srag>	it would help Anjal to run on 2.26.x as well as 2.27.x
Apr 29 07:08:30 <mbarnes>	srag: packaging is no big deal.  -share.so is kinda redundant.  can we just make it libevolution-mail.so and libevolution-mail-component.so?
Apr 29 07:08:35 <lakhil>	Fridrich, http://live.gnome.org/TwoPointTwentyseven - you can have as webcal :-)
Apr 29 07:08:56 <srag>	mbarnes, is it just the naming ?
Apr 29 07:09:01 <srag>	if so, pretty cool.
Apr 29 07:09:25 <mbarnes>	".so" is "shared object", so sharing is already implied
Apr 29 07:09:34 <srag>	currently we have libevolution-mail.so
Apr 29 07:09:38 <srag>	and I want another .so
Apr 29 07:09:44 <srag>	ah ok.
Apr 29 07:09:49 <seb128>	why?
Apr 29 07:09:53 <seb128>	just curious
Apr 29 07:09:54 <srag>	libevolution-mail-utils.so
Apr 29 07:09:59 <mbarnes>	pick something like -base.so or -core.so or something and I'm fine with it
Apr 29 07:10:03 <srag>	sure.
Apr 29 07:10:20 <seb128>	I've no issue with it either
Apr 29 07:10:22 <srag>	seb128, Anjal won't link to Bonobo, and would have redundant things
Apr 29 07:10:26 <srag>	cool.
Apr 29 07:10:29 <seb128>	ok
Apr 29 07:10:32 <srag>	Thatz it from my side.
Apr 29 07:10:36 <srag>	anything else to discuss ?
Apr 29 07:10:46 <srag>	pretty long meeting today :-)
Apr 29 07:10:51 <abharath>	:)
Apr 29 07:10:54 <srag>	and good discussion and lot of out comes
Apr 29 07:11:17 <srag>	Thanks a lot for everyone, and good bye

