Dec 02 10:39:44 <chen>	Ok lets get started, looks like akhil is having some network issues..
Dec 02 10:40:02 <chen>	A short summary on the releases front,
Dec 02 10:40:26 <chen>	we just made the 2.29.3 release this week and,
Dec 02 10:40:45 <chen>	we have 2.28.2 release coming up in another 2 weeks (Dec 14)
Dec 02 10:41:13 <chen>	https://bugzilla.gnome.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=586972+570329+573125
Dec 02 10:41:13 <chen>	+595389+555262+585615+601484+593700+601525+600560+594756+596253+595810
Dec 02 10:41:13 <chen>	+586093+569329+602696+582591+602905+546637+569576+528022
Dec 02 10:41:29 <chen>	list of bugs which akhil has shared with us for this week's meeting
Dec 02 10:41:45 <chen>	not sure if they cover some fixes needed for 2.28.2..
Dec 02 10:42:11 <chen>	we just had a small discussion on how to maintain the bug list with a history on how we are progressing..
Dec 02 10:42:37 <chen>	there were some ideas like maintaining it through white-board status, target milestones etc.
Dec 02 10:42:57 <chen>	can we discuss it out now and get a conclusion the same ?
Dec 02 10:43:32 <chen>	mbarnes, would be great if we can have a tiny url which summarizes the critical bugs focused and set as a topic in #evolution. .
Dec 02 10:43:42 <chen>	who do u guys think about it?
Dec 02 10:44:17 *	mcrha doesn't care much, just likes the bug list as it is with the above (slightly longer) url given above
Dec 02 10:44:18 <hggdh>	this would be good, it is easier to follow up on blockers/critical
Dec 02 10:44:34 <chen>	mcrha, :)
Dec 02 10:44:35 <mcrha>	the length of url  is no problem for me
Dec 02 10:45:05 <mbarnes>	the question in that discussion was whether whiteboard tags or tracker bugs would be more useful
Dec 02 10:45:09 <chen>	mcrha, length matters when u set it as a topic in channel :)
Dec 02 10:45:20 <mbarnes>	bearing in mind the bug list may be of interest to users without a Bugzilla account
Dec 02 10:45:44 <mcrha>	chen, yup, understood, but you would like to put it to wiki, didn't you?
Dec 02 10:45:52 <chen>	mbarnes, cant we query the bugzilla with white-board status without loggin in ?
Dec 02 10:46:19 <chen>	mcrha, yup, we can have it at both places :)
Dec 02 10:46:48 <chen>	mcrha, or provide the wiki link here, anything would be good..
Dec 02 10:46:54 <mbarnes>	chen: a manual query, sure.  that's all the tinyurl is, really
Dec 02 10:47:05 <mcrha>	so the topic can point to wiki. can wiki hide urls under text? if so, then problem solved.
Dec 02 10:47:24 <chen>	mbarnes, was thinking if we can make use of target milestones as well along with the white-board tag
Dec 02 10:47:56 <chen>	mcrha, that would be just fine
Dec 02 10:48:10 <chen>	mbarnes, missing lakhil here who is going to do all this :D
Dec 02 10:48:16 <mbarnes>	sure, although hopefully we won't be carrying over too many bugs from one major release to the next
Dec 02 10:48:33 <chen>	mbarnes, yup right
Dec 02 10:48:37 <mbarnes>	target milestone only lets you target major releases, right?
Dec 02 10:48:59 <chen>	mbarnes, i guess we can have the dot releases too in it
Dec 02 10:49:08 <chen>	just have to added those version in bugzilla i guess
Dec 02 10:49:15 <mbarnes>	oh we can?  sweet.  +1 then
Dec 02 10:49:39 <chen>	+1 from me too :)
Dec 02 10:50:01 <chen>	hggdh, srag jonner treitter what do u guys think ? :)
Dec 02 10:50:15 <chen>	dave_largo, cbosdonnat as well :)
Dec 02 10:50:52 <chen>	will inform lakhil once he is back on the same and we have it in that way from the next meeting
Dec 02 10:51:12 <chen>	mbarnes, on the wiki front i will try to see if there is any script to,
Dec 02 10:51:31 <chen>	migrate from media-wiki->xml->moin moin
Dec 02 10:51:44 <chen>	if thats possible it would make things easy
Dec 02 10:51:46 <mbarnes>	chen: another option besides tracker bugs and whiteboard tags is to actually use the blocker and critical severities as they were intended
Dec 02 10:51:59 <mbarnes>	but that might be too much of a fight with users changing it on their own
Dec 02 10:52:17 <dave_largo>	I think that Moin has a conversion script on their site from MediaWiki
Dec 02 10:52:25 <chen>	mbarnes, since all crashers becomes by default critical, was wondering if it might be hard..
Dec 02 10:52:33 <mbarnes>	ah, ture
Dec 02 10:52:36 <mbarnes>	true even
Dec 02 10:53:01 <chen>	dave_largo, ah really ? can u provide us the link ? :)
Dec 02 10:53:08 *	chen will also search for it after the meeting
Dec 02 10:53:38 <chen>	so if we cant find a script which is taking too long to find,
Dec 02 10:54:02 <chen>	how about having a wiki-hackfest and getting all the pages migrated in a day
Dec 02 10:54:14 <mbarnes>	good idea
Dec 02 10:54:25 <chen>	it would be less number of pages if we share it among us :)
Dec 02 10:54:49 <mcrha>	if you'll provide some guide how-to, then why not
Dec 02 10:54:50 <dave_largo>	chen, http://moinmo.in/MediaWikiConverter
Dec 02 10:54:51 <chen>	jony was the one who sugessted this idea, so the credit goes to him :)
Dec 02 10:55:02 <chen>	mcrha, yup
Dec 02 10:55:09 *	chen checks the link
Dec 02 10:55:21 <dave_largo>	We moved from Media to Moin and just re-did the pages.
Dec 02 10:55:32 <dave_largo>	copy and pastes.
Dec 02 10:55:38 <chen>	ah nice :)
Dec 02 10:55:47 <chen>	dave_largo, you made our job very easy now :)
Dec 02 10:56:22 <chen>	dave_largo, will check it out after the meeting and we can get the pages migrated, thanks a lot!!
Dec 02 10:56:22 <mbarnes>	dave_largo: does that script require admin access to either wiki database?
Dec 02 10:56:37 <mcrha>	here one can see why is good to invite dave_largo to a meeting :)
Dec 02 10:56:38 *	hggdh begs pardon, was in a sev1 call
Dec 02 10:56:54 <chen>	mcrha, obsolutely :)
Dec 02 10:57:18 <chen>	so looking at the blockers we have atm,
Dec 02 10:57:20 <dave_largo>	I don't know how the perl script works, but a quick view seems to indicate that it scrapes the page
Dec 02 10:57:50 <chen>	am working on - 550414    	 blo   	 Imm   	 Evolution   	Corruption of mailbox and can't expunge trash
Dec 02 10:58:00 <chen>	getting some help from akhil to get the issue reproduced
Dec 02 10:58:26 <chen>	mcrha, i heard that you were able to reproduce it consistently with some folder, is it still true ?
Dec 02 10:59:01 *	chen wants to try his best to get rid of this for 2.28.2
Dec 02 10:59:11 <mcrha>	oh, it is not anymore, the folders.db file changed. I had a snap of already broken folder somewhere, but I also lost my data few months ago :(
Dec 02 10:59:33 <chen>	mbarnes, we have just two blockers on evolution right now which needs to be targetted for 2.28.2 ..
Dec 02 10:59:46 <chen>	mcrha, ah ok
Dec 02 11:00:00 <chen>	mcrha, let me try to get it with akhil's help then..
Dec 02 11:00:24 <chen>	with the on on eds side,
Dec 02 11:00:29 <chen>	601525    	 blo   	 Nor   	 Evolution-Da   	e-calendar-factory crashes the second time I start evo
Dec 02 11:00:43 <chen>	I guess with treitter's work on GDbus that should be gone
Dec 02 11:00:45 <mcrha>	chen, andre is having this issue too often, renting on the channel. Ask him, maybe
Dec 02 11:00:57 <chen>	mcrha, sure!
Dec 02 11:01:16 <chen>	We have almost cleared off all the patch review backlogs!!
Dec 02 11:01:50 <chen>	The number is way less now and much of them have been added in days with single digits :)
Dec 02 11:02:27 <chen>	should we discuss about the ones which have been lying around for somtiem in the meeting ?
Dec 02 11:02:53 <chen>	and prolly what can be the number of days which we can say that the patches can be in unreviewed state?
Dec 02 11:03:20 <chen>	mbarnes, mcrha would it be appropriate to have some 2-3 weeks for the patches to stay in that state?
Dec 02 11:03:22 <mcrha>	maybe rather with jony and bharath here
Dec 02 11:03:51 <mbarnes>	2 to 3 weeks sounds realistic
Dec 02 11:04:01 <mbarnes>	given our manpower
Dec 02 11:04:04 <mcrha>	yeah, could be. It depends on the time itself, as for freezes andsuch
Dec 02 11:04:08 <chen>	mbarnes, yeah
Dec 02 11:04:34 <chen>	mcrha, we can use the commit_after_freeze for bypassing the freezes
Dec 02 11:04:45 <mcrha>	yup, sure
Dec 02 11:05:03 <chen>	mcrha, prolly we can take this up jony and bharath along next week or in a mail thread
Dec 02 11:05:27 <mcrha>	ok
Dec 02 11:05:29 <chen>	To go on with the updates from my side,
Dec 02 11:05:38 <mbarnes>	open that discussion on the hackers list, please
Dec 02 11:05:47 <chen>	have been mostly working on imapx this week along with the one blocker which i mentioned
Dec 02 11:06:02 <chen>	got the basics working in imapx now and cleared all the warnings,
Dec 02 11:06:25 <chen>	will be taking up expunging, store_summary sync, cleanup, IDLE support etc. 
Dec 02 11:06:29 <chen>	coming week
Dec 02 11:06:40 <chen>	so things are coming up well there,
Dec 02 11:06:56 <chen>	havent got the ssl working yet
Dec 02 11:07:36 <chen>	once thats done, we can start using it and eventually replace the existing imap provider
Dec 02 11:07:53 <chen>	have not started working on the akhil's list yet
Dec 02 11:08:00 <chen>	will be starting from next..
Dec 02 11:08:07 <chen>	thats it from my side :)
Dec 02 11:08:13 <chen>	cbosdonnat, anything to share with us?
Dec 02 11:08:33 <chen>	dave_largo, anything to share?
Dec 02 11:09:05 <chen>	hggdh, ? :)
Dec 02 11:09:16 <cbosdonnat>	chen, I here more as an observer today...
Dec 02 11:09:22 <chen>	jonner, updates ?
Dec 02 11:09:30 <chen>	cbosdonnat, ok :)
Dec 02 11:10:04 <chen>	cbosdonnat, akhil has started having a go at ur plugin :)
Dec 02 11:10:12 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Dec 02 11:10:24 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Dec 02 11:10:52 <mbarnes>	two things:
Dec 02 11:10:52 <mbarnes>	1) working with srag to better support Anjal in 2.29
Dec 02 11:10:52 <mbarnes>	and improving my EShell design in the process
Dec 02 11:10:52 <mbarnes>	2) got a lot done on "camel-gobject" last week...
Dec 02 11:10:52 <mbarnes>	replaced CamelException with GError, and also added GError to the CamelStream API
Dec 02 11:10:52 <mbarnes>	which is having some run ripple effects
Dec 02 11:10:52 <mcrha>	not much, got stuck with some downstream work, thus less work done upstream. But still some was done for the past week. :)
Dec 02 11:11:20 <chen>	mcrha, fine :)
Dec 02 11:11:51 <jonner>	I'm still plugging away on stuff.  I'm currently working on figuring out how filters fit in with the frontend/backend separation right now and I'm running a bit stuck on the design there
Dec 02 11:12:01 <chen>	mbarnes, nice!!
Dec 02 11:12:42 <chen>	jonner, cool
Dec 02 11:12:45 <cbosdonnat>	chen, cool :D I don't have a lot of time these days
Dec 02 11:12:47 <chen>	srag, updates
Dec 02 11:12:51 <chen>	?
Dec 02 11:12:57 <chen>	treitter, updates?
Dec 02 11:13:16 <treitter>	chen: srag is at foss.in, so he may be busy right now
Dec 02 11:13:35 <chen>	mbarnes, having any timelines for camel-gobject ?
Dec 02 11:14:04 <treitter>	chen: I burned some time sorting out my development libraries from my main system libraries, but I'm continuing on with the port of libebook and libecal to gdbus
Dec 02 11:14:22 <mbarnes>	chen: 2.31 maybe?  kind of waiting to see when GIO will get SSL support
Dec 02 11:14:26 <chen>	treitter, maybe if he gets a chance to look at :)
Dec 02 11:14:38 <chen>	mbarnes, ah ok
Dec 02 11:15:08 *	abharath (~abharath@59.96.59.198) has joined #evolution-meet
Dec 02 11:15:16 <mbarnes>	figured 2.30 will have enough major changes as is
Dec 02 11:15:26 <chen>	mbarnes, just wondered if you were planning for 2.30, as it would require considerable changes in providers as well..
Dec 02 11:15:38 <chen>	mbarnes, right!
Dec 02 11:15:42 <chen>	hey abharath 
Dec 02 11:15:51 <chen>	abharath, howz it going ?
Dec 02 11:15:53 <abharath>	chen: hello hello and sorry for everything
Dec 02 11:16:02 <chen>	everything ? :)
Dec 02 11:16:29 <abharath>	chen: I meant for being late and barging in when there is a discussion going on :D
Dec 02 11:16:31 <chen>	abharath, hope ur having fun at foss.in :)
Dec 02 11:16:54 <chen>	abharath, oh np, we were just go around the room for updates..
Dec 02 11:17:39 <chen>	abharath, have a nice time!!
Dec 02 11:18:00 <abharath>	chen: yes it is good but lots of people making me a humble request. stop features and get everything strong now. so people looking out for your IMAP work now ;) and people loving the kill bonobo work a lot :)
Dec 02 11:18:51 <chen>	abharath, nice to hear that :) hope u would have given them the updates :)
Dec 02 11:19:02 <hggdh>	dammit, lots of sev1 calls... sorry
Dec 02 11:19:12 <chen>	mbarnes, would be very happy to hear that too :)
Dec 02 11:19:15 <abharath>	chen: yes updates from me, just moved the FAQ page last week and just updated the NEWS file for the release
Dec 02 11:19:32 <abharath>	chen: :) 
Dec 02 11:19:34 <chen>	abharath, thanks!
Dec 02 11:19:57 <chen>	anything else which needs to be discussed ?
Dec 02 11:20:27 <chen>	I hope no. Next wednesday then :)
Dec 02 11:20:41 <chen>	Thanks everyone!!
Dec 02 11:20:48 <mcrha>	bye

