Apr 22 06:04:51 <srag>	Hello guys
Apr 22 06:05:01 <jony>	hello . 
Apr 22 06:05:12 <srag>	last week we had 2.26.1 released
Apr 22 06:05:22 <srag>	and then another .1 went a few days
Apr 22 06:05:26 <srag>	later for the missed fixes
Apr 22 06:05:30 <srag>	thx for jony for the help
Apr 22 06:05:38 <jony>	:)
Apr 22 06:05:42 <srag>	I was on *official* leave for the last 2 weeks or so
Apr 22 06:05:54 <srag>	though, I had some good time to fix some old regressions
Apr 22 06:06:03 <srag>	vfolder of vfolders, unmatched vfolders are back now
Apr 22 06:06:19 <srag>	vfolder of vfolders is still a patch, waiting on bugzilla to be committed to git
Apr 22 06:06:27 <srag>	but Im tracking down on the pending regressions
Apr 22 06:06:53 <andre>	the cant expunge trash ticket is still open, and gets lotsa dups :-/
Apr 22 06:06:54 <srag>	another pending thing is that Im working to get the auto-vaccuum
Apr 22 06:07:07 <srag>	andre, yeah Im watching it :(
Apr 22 06:07:26 <srag>	andre, I definitely have tried a lot on it.
Apr 22 06:07:28 <seb128>	srag: is unmatched really working? I didn't update to .1.1 for jaunty because the bug comments were suggesting the code has issues 
Apr 22 06:07:36 <srag>	seb128, there is a hand
Apr 22 06:07:39 <srag>	s/hand/hang
Apr 22 06:07:42 <srag>	which I fixed on monday or so
Apr 22 06:07:52 <srag>	and lakhil put the patch on my behalf
Apr 22 06:07:56 <srag>	seb128, it should be working
Apr 22 06:08:07 <srag>	atleast for me, but Im no power user of vfolders
Apr 22 06:08:11 <seb128>	did you read the recent bug comments?
Apr 22 06:08:16 <srag>	so I need lots of testing. and ready to fix it
Apr 22 06:08:19 <srag>	lakhil, has it 
Apr 22 06:08:20 <srag>	lakhil, ?
Apr 22 06:08:30 *	srag saw the bug and fixed it in lakhil's machine
Apr 22 06:08:41 <lakhil>	bug 579360
Apr 22 06:08:48 <srag>	seb128, which bug comments ?
Apr 22 06:08:55 <srag>	seb128, # ?
Apr 22 06:08:59 *	jony has the fix. and it is working (checking again ) 
Apr 22 06:09:16 <srag>	and git is still broken, and Matt is tracking it, (though hez on travel)
Apr 22 06:09:28 <srag>	I wish I would have good time to move to git and do the monday's release
Apr 22 06:09:48 <srag>	seb128, ?
Apr 22 06:09:57 <seb128>	srag: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=556116
Apr 22 06:10:25 <seb128>	srag: comment #35
Apr 22 06:10:31 *	jony has unmatched vfolders working . 
Apr 22 06:10:54 <srag>	seb128, part of it might be due to the internal hang that I fixed
Apr 22 06:11:03 <seb128>	srag: which is not in the tarball right?
Apr 22 06:11:08 <srag>	it doesn't lock the UI but locks the vfolder threads/updates
Apr 22 06:11:10 <srag>	seb128, its not
Apr 22 06:11:20 <srag>	seb128, the patch is in 579360
Apr 22 06:11:27 <seb128>	ok, so I think I will not update jaunty to .1.1 or not without this change
Apr 22 06:11:34 <srag>	sure seb128 
Apr 22 06:11:40 <seb128>	thanks
Apr 22 06:11:59 <srag>	hmm, I would like to get these to some power users to get some testing and so I can fix more, if there are more such things
Apr 22 06:12:04 <srag>	seb128, upto you :)
Apr 22 06:12:24 <srag>	and Anjal is doing fine, which takes my *office* hours
Apr 22 06:12:45 <srag>	I would be merging webkit rendering may be next week or so on Evolution
Apr 22 06:12:56 <srag>	it is nice, but it would be an optional rendering
Apr 22 06:13:10 <srag>	It might break caret mode etc
Apr 22 06:13:14 <srag>	Its not fully done
Apr 22 06:13:33 <srag>	but to be taken  later on
Apr 22 06:13:46 <srag>	need to check if Webkit is in the external deps or no
Apr 22 06:13:51 <srag>	dont remember it
Apr 22 06:13:55 <srag>	if not, would aks for it
Apr 22 06:14:15 <srag>	I need to sit down on the 3.0 items,
Apr 22 06:14:25 <srag>	too many thing at hand.. would do this week I guess
Apr 22 06:14:31 <srag>	thatz it from my side
Apr 22 06:14:37 <srag>	andre, anything to share with us ?
Apr 22 06:14:58 <andre>	nope
Apr 22 06:15:29 <srag>	abharath, anything for sharing with us ?
Apr 22 06:16:02 <abharath>	srag: Been working on a patch to suit the changes for libpst 0.6.37 with that version the APIs should be stabilized
Apr 22 06:16:18 <srag>	nice
Apr 22 06:16:26 <abharath>	srag: Apart from that some bugs and looking into the External Editor rework by Holger
Apr 22 06:16:28 <srag>	abharath, when are you pushing i t in
Apr 22 06:16:32 <srag>	abharath, cool
Apr 22 06:16:38 <abharath>	It looks cool. so will integrate it once its all done
Apr 22 06:16:42 <srag>	thx
Apr 22 06:16:48 <abharath>	srag: maybe a couple of days
Apr 22 06:16:48 <srag>	jony, anything to share with us ?
Apr 22 06:16:56 <srag>	abharath, thx
Apr 22 06:17:22 <jony>	srag, nothing much .. starting to work on MAPI again . 
Apr 22 06:17:33 <mcrha>	abharath, I guess the external editor rewrite overlaps with some changes I did some time ago, doesn't it?
Apr 22 06:17:35 <jony>	mostly held up with internal tasks . 
Apr 22 06:17:45 <srag>	jony, nice
Apr 22 06:17:49 <abharath>	mcrha: ya looks so. But not much
Apr 22 06:18:01 <srag>	jony, we should b e updating version of libmapi
Apr 22 06:18:04 <srag>	on the external deps
Apr 22 06:18:10 <jony>	srag, right .. thatz on my todo .. 
Apr 22 06:18:11 <abharath>	mcrha: BUt your patch would fix the problems with a lot other plugins
Apr 22 06:18:14 <srag>	jony, cool
Apr 22 06:18:20 <mcrha>	abharath, aha, I resent a patch yesterday, maybe you noticed :)
Apr 22 06:18:25 <srag>	lakhil, anything for us ?
Apr 22 06:18:31 <abharath>	mcrha: yup I did :)
Apr 22 06:18:46 <mcrha>	abharath, hopefully on a review plan ;)
Apr 22 06:18:47 <lakhil>	srag, built kill-bonobo branch and testing it out , reported some bugs
Apr 22 06:18:57 <lakhil>	srag, built openchange 0.8.2 and looking for memory fixes 
Apr 22 06:19:05 <srag>	thx lakhil 
Apr 22 06:19:05 <lakhil>	with exchange -mapi 
Apr 22 06:19:12 <srag>	Infact I played with KB, its awesome
Apr 22 06:19:16 <srag>	kudos to mbarnes|away :-)
Apr 22 06:19:20 <abharath>	mcrha: sure. will take a look
Apr 22 06:19:37 <abharath>	ya I took a look at it too. Sweet
Apr 22 06:19:38 <mcrha>	srag, jony, external deps on libmapi, I had a chat with kerihuel and he would like to meet together, some day.
Apr 22 06:19:50 <srag>	sure
Apr 22 06:20:04 <srag>	mcrha, we can meet some time
Apr 22 06:20:15 <mcrha>	not sure when yet, but you'll definitely notice when it will be
Apr 22 06:20:28 <srag>	mcrha, anything for us ?
Apr 22 06:20:41 <mcrha>	apart of the above nothing special, just some bugs, I think. But I would like to know the answer on my question I gave you yesterday: will there be anyone looking for approved patches and commit them to the repo before release, as Suman used to do that?
Apr 22 06:21:15 <srag>	mcrha, ideally I want to discourage that 
Apr 22 06:21:31 <srag>	but I would still do that just before the release
Apr 22 06:21:35 <srag>	just not to miss something
Apr 22 06:21:36 <mcrha>	discourage at all? why?
Apr 22 06:21:44 <srag>	mcrha, it was a request from psankar
Apr 22 06:22:02 <srag>	for doing things like copyright assignments etc, the commit/author is very crucial
Apr 22 06:22:31 <srag>	with git, it might work well
Apr 22 06:22:37 <mcrha>	makes sense, sometimes dev didn't get in time to commit approved thing so why not. Ideally a bit longer than just before release, but if one doesn't check so often
Apr 22 06:22:40 <srag>	since we can commit on someone else's behalf
Apr 22 06:22:56 <srag>	such things, I would commit before the release
Apr 22 06:23:01 <mcrha>	similar you could with svn I guess
Apr 22 06:23:13 <srag>	mcrha, not sure.. in svn, you don't have author, 
Apr 22 06:23:15 <jony>	mcrha, nope . not possible with svn . 
Apr 22 06:23:18 <srag>	it takes the svn ID 
Apr 22 06:23:30 <mcrha>	anyway, do not talk about git...
Apr 22 06:23:33 <jony>	hehe 
Apr 22 06:23:34 <srag>	git, you can commit on anyone's behalf as the --author does it
Apr 22 06:23:35 <srag>	:)
Apr 22 06:23:49 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Apr 22 06:23:55 <seb128>	srag: you can write "the patch is from ..." in the commit message too
Apr 22 06:24:10 <mcrha>	not talking about bug and patch submitter there
Apr 22 06:24:18 <seb128>	jony: btw thanks for not mentionning me at all in this crasher fix I tracked before 2.26.1 
Apr 22 06:24:33 <mcrha>	srag, oh, also, will there be some exact policy in changelog format finally?
Apr 22 06:24:41 <seb128>	srag: not really, jaunty will be stable tomorrow and has 2.26.1, feedback seems good so far, still some crashers
Apr 22 06:25:05 <srag>	mcrha, I would like to set some policy, something to ease out the NEWS generation
Apr 22 06:25:13 <srag>	mcrha, do you have some thoughts ?
Apr 22 06:25:15 <seb128>	and evolution-mapi is just not working, it's a mess right now, you need to right version of samba4, openchange, etc in a combinaison nobody knows about to get it working apparently
Apr 22 06:25:23 <srag>	seb128, thatz good news
Apr 22 06:25:30 <mcrha>	srag, jut asking, preferable all write same format, whatever it'll be
Apr 22 06:25:35 <srag>	seb128, if there are any *blockjers* or similar category
Apr 22 06:25:36 <srag>	lemme know
Apr 22 06:25:50 <srag>	mcrha, sure. I would like to have some uniformity
Apr 22 06:26:01 <srag>	mcrha, NEWS generation is a pain 
Apr 22 06:26:11 <srag>	specially there are approx 50 bugs every release
Apr 22 06:26:21 <seb128>	srag: no real blocker right now I would say
Apr 22 06:26:26 <srag>	seb128, gr8
Apr 22 06:26:30 <seb128>	out of evolution-mapi not working
Apr 22 06:26:33 <mcrha>	srag, me too, and with such policy we will be able to punish those "bad guys/gals" ;)
Apr 22 06:26:37 <seb128>	but I guess that's expected, it's still new
Apr 22 06:26:41 <srag>	mcrha, awesome.
Apr 22 06:26:59 <srag>	lemme put one by friday to u and we can discuss and mandate it
Apr 22 06:27:02 <srag>	some how :)
Apr 22 06:27:05 <mcrha>	yeah yeah, punishment is always awesome ;)
Apr 22 06:27:08 <srag>	:)
Apr 22 06:27:16 <srag>	seb128, right
Apr 22 06:27:22 <srag>	there are memory  issues
Apr 22 06:27:26 <abharath>	mcrha: :D
Apr 22 06:27:37 <srag>	but jony is our superhero there :)
Apr 22 06:27:41 <seb128>	srag: well in jaunty it's just crashing evolution for most users when trying to add an account
Apr 22 06:27:50 <srag>	oh
Apr 22 06:28:04 <srag>	jony, u aware of those ?
Apr 22 06:28:09 <seb128>	rumours say openchange 0.8.2 might fix it but 0.8 to 0.8.2 is not a trivial update
Apr 22 06:28:17 <seb128>	and it was too late for jaunty
Apr 22 06:28:25 <mcrha>	srag, there is also some discussion on generated changelog entries, not sure how much usable for evo family though. I do not know why exactly, but I do not like the kernel/git way, somehow
Apr 22 06:28:28 <jony>	srag, it sounds like the the crashed we faced in some builds . samba3 / samba4 symbols getting mixed up . 
Apr 22 06:28:51 <srag>	mcrha, sure
Apr 22 06:29:00 <srag>	seb128, right
Apr 22 06:29:11 <srag>	seb128, we would move to 0.8.2 or so with 2.28
Apr 22 06:29:26 <srag>	thatz the plan
Apr 22 06:29:26 <jony>	seb128, which crashed ? (btw thanks for not mentionning me at all in this crasher fix I tracked before 2.26.1) 
Apr 22 06:29:26 <srag>	not sure, if in stable we can do it
Apr 22 06:29:36 <srag>	need to check with andre & release team, if thatz possible on the stable series
Apr 22 06:29:38 <seb128>	jony: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=578685
Apr 22 06:29:40 <srag>	to update external deps
Apr 22 06:30:03 <jony>	seb128, oh . oki. 
Apr 22 06:30:24 <seb128>	jony: that's a detail don't worry ;-)
Apr 22 06:30:29 <andre>	srag, sure it is - send an email to d-d-l asking for this
Apr 22 06:30:42 <srag>	andre, nice.. lemme take this up then :)
Apr 22 06:30:49 <jony>	srag, but i would like to run a full test before asking for this in d-d-l . 
Apr 22 06:30:55 <srag>	jony, deal
Apr 22 06:30:59 <abharath>	makes sense
Apr 22 06:31:02 <srag>	lets discuss on the level of changes
Apr 22 06:31:11 <srag>	and then we make a proposal and do it
Apr 22 06:31:16 <jony>	srag, sure .
Apr 22 06:31:17 <andre>	srag, see http://live.gnome.org/TwoPointTwentyseven/ExternalDependencies
Apr 22 06:31:20 <srag>	anything else to discuss guys ?
Apr 22 06:31:33 <srag>	andre, I wanted to update for stable series
Apr 22 06:31:37 <srag>	for 2.26.2
Apr 22 06:31:51 <andre>	doesnt matter
Apr 22 06:32:07 <srag>	nice then
Apr 22 06:32:14 <srag>	thanks for the pointer andre 
Apr 22 06:32:21 <mcrha>	how will you generate tarballs next week when they will not fix repo before?
Apr 22 06:32:35 <srag>	mcrha, that was my first *wish*
Apr 22 06:32:52 <srag>	mcrha, :)
Apr 22 06:32:53 <mcrha>	mine too, git is just broken and too complicated ;)
Apr 22 06:32:56 <seb128>	srag: that will not work for distributor though, you can't expect them to be able to doing random updates to a new version in stable series this way
Apr 22 06:33:11 <jony>	seb128, evolution-mapi : for account setup crasher : imho .. it is not a bug in upstream . 
Apr 22 06:33:16 <seb128>	srag: openchange 0.8 to 0.8.2 is not a stable update
Apr 22 06:33:32 <srag>	seb128, first I would like to see my self on level of changes
Apr 22 06:33:36 <seb128>	jony: we just do ./configure && make && make install DESTDIR
Apr 22 06:33:41 <srag>	if there are any samba changes or just mapi patches
Apr 22 06:33:52 <srag>	only if I feel comfortable on changes, Im gonna ask
Apr 22 06:33:53 <seb128>	jony: where would be the bug?
Apr 22 06:33:57 <seb128>	srag: ok thanks
Apr 22 06:34:03 <srag>	sure
Apr 22 06:34:08 <srag>	Ok guys, thanks a lot and see you all next week
Apr 22 06:34:10 <srag>	bye
Apr 22 06:34:19 <abharath>	Bye all
Apr 22 06:34:22 <mcrha>	jony, Kerihuel said there had been some changes in 0.8.2 related and that he cannot reproduce on that version
Apr 22 06:34:27 <jony>	seb128, anyhoo .. i'll look at those logs in launchpad .. let see .. but have some other work here .. so it would take sometime .. 
Apr 22 06:34:44 <jony>	mcrha, does this happen in fedora too ? 
Apr 22 06:34:45 <seb128>	jony: no hurry jaunty is frozen now so we will not change that for it now
Apr 22 06:34:51 <mcrha>	jony, not for me
Apr 22 06:34:57 <jony>	mcrha, okies .

