Jul 15 06:12:15 <chen_>	ok lets get started!
Jul 15 06:12:34 <chen_>	As all of you are aware the freezes have started
Jul 15 06:13:02 <chen_>	#evolution channels topics lists them and beware while committing string/ui changes and make sure its announced
Jul 15 06:13:22 <chen_>	we are currently looked for the following works getting into the coming release 2.27.5,
Jul 15 06:13:36 <chen_>	Calendar cache rewrite,
Jul 15 06:13:52 <chen_>	GSoc patches getting merged (am testing/reviewing them),
Jul 15 06:13:56 *	jony has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))
Jul 15 06:14:02 <chen_>	just got the missing files from stanislav on monday
Jul 15 06:14:16 <chen_>	eds-dbus port for address-book
Jul 15 06:14:32 <chen_>	i have tested it partially and everything seems to work fine for file backend,
Jul 15 06:14:32 *	jony (~jjohnny@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 15 06:14:41 *	EvaSDK (~eva@APuteaux-552-1-6-16.w92-132.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Jul 15 06:14:43 <chen_>	we still have problems with authenticated backends like,
Jul 15 06:14:53 <chen_>	exchange, google, groupwise
Jul 15 06:15:08 <chen_>	jony has offered his helping hands for getting those fixed :)
Jul 15 06:15:30 <jony>	:) i'll put some effort there . thanks chen .. 
Jul 15 06:15:33 <chen_>	I have been in touch with ross on these and we are getting some fixes around that
Jul 15 06:15:49 <chen_>	I have tested evolution with the sqlite version, sqlite-3.6.16 around more than a week now and see no issues, will be updating minimum version required in jhbuild and dependency in live.gnome.org today.
Jul 15 06:16:09 <jony>	cool.
Jul 15 06:16:12 <chen_>	Will be getting the pending patches reviewed. Iam primarily looking at GSoc optimization patches, google calendar replaced by caldav
Jul 15 06:16:29 <seb128>	will that make google calendars work correctly? ;-)
Jul 15 06:16:41 <chen_>	yes :)
Jul 15 06:16:55 <chen_>	and am waiting for mcrha to make a feature parity :)
Jul 15 06:17:12 <mcrha>	just done
Jul 15 06:17:20 <chen_>	am currently making a .1 release for evolution,
Jul 15 06:17:48 <chen_>	in order to get around the g_umount* api break
Jul 15 06:17:52 <seb128>	how come you guys manage to roll tarballs which don't build btw?
Jul 15 06:17:58 <jony>	chen_: you would probably have to ping fredp .
Jul 15 06:18:11 <seb128>	it's not a break it's just a deprecated symbol and you use the build option to not use those
Jul 15 06:18:48 <chen_>	seb128, so does it really require a .1 release then ?
Jul 15 06:19:13 <seb128>	well I'm not member of the r-t but I guess it would be better if you want it to build on GNOME 2.27
Jul 15 06:19:33 <chen_>	right, anyways i have made the tarballs :)
Jul 15 06:19:43 <chen_>	i will be releasing it once lakhil tests it
Jul 15 06:19:53 <seb128>	tarballs? several of those?
Jul 15 06:19:55 <chen_>	thats all from my end..
Jul 15 06:20:10 <chen_>	sorry its just evolution tarball
Jul 15 06:20:18 <seb128>	ok good
Jul 15 06:20:38 <chen_>	lets go around the room now to get more updates,
Jul 15 06:20:45 <chen_>	andre, anything to share ?
Jul 15 06:20:54 <andre>	no
Jul 15 06:21:21 <chen_>	abharath, how was guadec experience ? :)
Jul 15 06:21:42 <abharath>	chen_: It was very nice :) A good one
Jul 15 06:21:53 <chen_>	hope u met andre and lot more people over there :)
Jul 15 06:22:05 <chen_>	EvaSDK, anything to share ?
Jul 15 06:22:07 <abharath>	Looks like andre is still busy shipping all the German beer lakhil asked for :D
Jul 15 06:22:08 <EvaSDK>	no
Jul 15 06:22:19 <andre>	ehehe
Jul 15 06:22:20 <abharath>	chen_: ya most of them :)
Jul 15 06:22:22 <chen_>	jony, any updates ?
Jul 15 06:22:25 <EvaSDK>	besides me being angry at bots spamming the wiki :)
Jul 15 06:22:31 <jony>	chen_: mapi. one or two small new features before freezes start . then i plan to work on memory fixes (which very bad atm) .
Jul 15 06:23:01 <chen_>	EvaSDK, we just discussed about wiki in the morning with our manager to get the rights
Jul 15 06:23:11 <chen_>	and about the spams
Jul 15 06:23:21 <chen_>	we will be getting the updates in a day or two
Jul 15 06:23:32 <chen_>	jony, cool
Jul 15 06:23:57 <chen_>	lakhil, anything to share ?
Jul 15 06:24:12 <lakhil>	chen_, busy in sle work , nothing much 
Jul 15 06:24:16 <chen_>	i hope lakhil was not too drunk in guadec :D
Jul 15 06:24:27 <chen_>	mcrha, any updates ?
Jul 15 06:24:41 *	lakhil had very limited :-P
Jul 15 06:24:49 <mcrha>	sent something like feature parity table few minutes ago, can be seen on http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=583374#c26
Jul 15 06:25:04 <chen_>	mcrha, nice!!
Jul 15 06:25:08 <mcrha>	otherwise, hmm, I do not recall anything significant deserving mentioning here
Jul 15 06:25:15 <chen_>	will look at it immediately after the meeting
Jul 15 06:25:33 <mcrha>	chen_, I'm not sure if you asked for such thing, though
Jul 15 06:25:45 <chen_>	seb128, any updates or concerns ?
Jul 15 06:25:51 <seb128>	no
Jul 15 06:25:56 <seb128>	looking forward the coming changes ;-)
Jul 15 06:26:00 <lakhil>	a cool fix from mcrha http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=214238  :D
Jul 15 06:26:03 <chen_>	:)
Jul 15 06:26:15 <chen_>	varadhan, anything to share?
Jul 15 06:26:33 <mcrha>	lakhil, aah, it was Matt's idea ;)
Jul 15 06:26:36 <varadhan>	chen_, just got the 65+ modules built for hacking evolution ;-)
Jul 15 06:26:47 <lakhil>	mcrha, yeah but patch counts :P
Jul 15 06:26:47 <chen_>	awesome! 
Jul 15 06:26:48 *	abharath claps. nice idea :)
Jul 15 06:26:58 <jony>	nice one mcrha !
Jul 15 06:27:19 <chen_>	mcrha, nice nice!!
Jul 15 06:27:21 <mcrha>	lakhil, it reminded me to upload more patches to bugzilla ;)
Jul 15 06:27:33 <lakhil>	mcrha, sure :)
Jul 15 06:27:45 <mcrha>	to have chen_ to do something
Jul 15 06:27:47 <mcrha>	;)
Jul 15 06:27:53 *	chen_ liked the calendar fixes on displaying today and changing the current day automatically :)
Jul 15 06:28:12 <mcrha>	'liked'
Jul 15 06:28:13 <chen_>	today in different color :)
Jul 15 06:28:32 <chen_>	anything else from anyone to be discussed?
Jul 15 06:28:42 <mcrha>	when is the branch planned?
Jul 15 06:28:45 <mcrha>	if at all
Jul 15 06:28:53 <jony>	after .5 ?
Jul 15 06:29:03 <chen_>	ah yeah, we will be branching immediately after feature freeze,
Jul 15 06:29:04 <chen_>	yes ..5
Jul 15 06:29:36 <mcrha>	ok, that's the time when kb and dbus work will be erged into the master, right?
Jul 15 06:29:44 <mcrha>	*merged
Jul 15 06:30:02 <chen_>	mcrha, am not sure whether its going to be immediately merged,
Jul 15 06:30:19 <jony>	chen_: let me know the changes needed for the cal cache work .. i would have to fix for mapi.
Jul 15 06:30:19 <chen_>	i will anyway leave the call to mbarnes|away depending on the stability of the code
Jul 15 06:30:26 <chen_>	jony, sure
Jul 15 06:30:28 <mcrha>	aha, ok, I see, +/- a day
Jul 15 06:30:53 <chen_>	yeah maybe, afaik calendar had problems,
Jul 15 06:31:10 <chen_>	we need have some basic stability while merging
Jul 15 06:31:15 <mcrha>	chen_, the cache, it will not be transparent?
Jul 15 06:31:40 <mcrha>	stability is for beginners
Jul 15 06:31:43 <chen_>	mcrha, jony just wanted an overview of changes, things are already there
Jul 15 06:31:57 *	jony new to EDS :)
Jul 15 06:32:19 <mcrha>	chen_, yup, noticed some commits there
Jul 15 06:32:23 <chen_>	mcrha, anything else ? :)
Jul 15 06:32:45 <mcrha>	chen_, what about the bugzilla clearing/maintaining/... we talked few days ago about?
Jul 15 06:32:46 <chen_>	i will be testing more and migrating all the backends to the new cache next week
Jul 15 06:33:09 <mcrha>	be carefull with caldav chen_, I'll be wathing you ;)
Jul 15 06:33:14 <chen_>	mcrha, yeah, had been bogged a bit by some sle fixes, will be starting a thread in e-h list,
Jul 15 06:33:16 <mcrha>	*watching
Jul 15 06:33:25 <chen_>	in a day or two
Jul 15 06:33:40 <chen_>	mcrha, :)
Jul 15 06:33:41 <mcrha>	no hurry with this, believe
Jul 15 06:33:57 <chen_>	yeah, this is just to kick start a discussion :)
Jul 15 06:34:37 <mcrha>	hopefully will have some gain from it, as the work itself will require much man/lady-power
Jul 15 06:34:37 <chen_>	So then lets meet next week with more updates and interesting stuffs :)
Jul 15 06:35:03 <chen_>	hmm :)
Jul 15 06:35:03 <jony>	thanks ... and later .. 
Jul 15 06:35:13 *	jony (~jjohnny@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet
Jul 15 06:35:23 <mcrha>	yeah, ta-di-da-di-da, that's all folks :)
Jul 15 06:35:32 <chen_>	see you guys!!

