Nov 25 10:30:55 <srag>	chen, argh, I have to go now, but chen just a few lines 
Nov 25 10:31:06 <chen>	srag, go on :)
Nov 25 10:31:24 <srag>	chen, working on rebasing anjal on master, and 80% complete, all works well, now minor glitches and refactoring
Nov 25 10:31:34 <srag>	tomorrow, I should push to a branch for review & merge
Nov 25 10:31:36 <srag>	thatz it
Nov 25 10:31:41 *	srag is now known as srag|afk
Nov 25 10:31:56 <chen>	srag|afk, nice!!
Nov 25 10:32:40 *	ross can't wait
Nov 25 10:33:35 <chen>	lets then start :)
Nov 25 10:34:03 <chen>	looks like lakhil has some network problems at home and might not be able to join, just gave him a call..
Nov 25 10:34:31 <chen>	we can continue on the same agenda items which we had last week,
Nov 25 10:34:51 <chen>	on the blockers front we just have 6 ones left open and almost every bug is assigned
Nov 25 10:35:09 <chen>	mbarnes, can u take up https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=559153 ?
Nov 25 10:35:33 <chen>	abharath, would you be looking into https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=582302 ?
Nov 25 10:35:52 <mbarnes>	chen: sure
Nov 25 10:35:59 <abharath>	chen: yes sir :)
Nov 25 10:36:01 <chen>	cool
Nov 25 10:36:13 *	chen has three on his name and would be working towards it :)
Nov 25 10:36:39 <chen>	and akhil had provided a list of important bugs that needs to be looked at for this week,
Nov 25 10:36:44 <chen>	https://bugzilla.gnome.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=586972+570329+600449+573125+595389
Nov 25 10:37:26 <chen>	has one disk-summary issues and looking at the comments, mbarnes should be the right person for https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=595389
Nov 25 10:37:35 <chen>	and we have one in mapi..
Nov 25 10:37:42 <mcrha>	chen, few of them hav some patches, isn;t it?
Nov 25 10:37:55 <chen>	mcrha, already :)
Nov 25 10:38:05 <chen>	mcrha, too fast :)
Nov 25 10:38:24 <chen>	looks like akhil should come up with more bugs from now :)
Nov 25 10:38:39 <mcrha>	chen, not from today, waiting its review, I meant :)
Nov 25 10:38:43 <chen>	with respect to patch reviews, we still have 61 patches left
Nov 25 10:38:57 <chen>	mcrha, ah ok
Nov 25 10:39:08 <chen>	mcrha, we have deal with plugin patches :)
Nov 25 10:39:41 <chen>	abharath just moved the road-map from go-evolution wiki to live.gnome.org today..
Nov 25 10:40:09 <chen>	just a start, we would be moving all the active contents to live.gnome.org first,
Nov 25 10:40:44 <chen>	and move the other contents prolly to gnome.org/projects/evolution to maintain the history..
Nov 25 10:40:49 <mbarnes>	abharath: did you use any wiki conversion script for that or just recreate the page by hand?
Nov 25 10:41:30 <abharath>	mbarnes: I recreated it by hand. not explored any scripts
Nov 25 10:42:05 <mbarnes>	hmm, I guess it will be kind of a slow, tedious process then
Nov 25 10:42:10 <chen>	guess jony|out was also looking for scripts, but he is not available atm :( prolly we can catch him later to find it out..
Nov 25 10:42:22 <abharath>	mbarnes: I'll look if anything is handy for us to use
Nov 25 10:42:27 <mbarnes>	I couldn't find any last I looked
Nov 25 10:42:44 <mbarnes>	none that didn't require admin rights, anyway
Nov 25 10:42:51 <abharath>	http://www.go-evolution.org/Special:Allpages
Nov 25 10:42:53 <chen>	mbarnes, abharath will poke jony|out tomorrow on the same..
Nov 25 10:42:59 <abharath>	those are all the pages we have right?
Nov 25 10:43:25 <abharath>	most of them can be dumped. we can prioritize on the important ones
Nov 25 10:43:35 <mbarnes>	nice.  /me bookmarks
Nov 25 10:43:57 <chen>	abharath, jony|out had already dumped them as static pages onto some test server in our office iirc
Nov 25 10:44:24 <chen>	jony|out, i remember he showed it to me, but not sure what happened after that..
Nov 25 10:44:30 <abharath>	chen: yes :) but converting them may be an issue. anyways lets see tomo
Nov 25 10:44:43 <chen>	abharath, sure
Nov 25 10:45:15 <chen>	mbarnes, prolly we will get the thread e-h back alive for sharing details and get it completed :)
Nov 25 10:45:25 <chen>	*thread at
Nov 25 10:46:01 <chen>	we have the 2.29.3 release coming up this Nov 30..
Nov 25 10:46:24 <chen>	so if we get the patches reviewed faster some can get in there :)
Nov 25 10:47:10 <chen>	anything else we need to discuss over in this meeting before we move to updates from everyone ?
Nov 25 10:48:24 <chen>	btw jony|out had made a screen-cast of the push email for mapi - http://johnnyjacob.wordpress.com/2009/11/24/push-email-for-gnome-evolutions-exchange-mapi-provider-exchange-2007/ 
Nov 25 10:48:47 <chen>	hope you should have noticed it in pgo. /me claps for jony|out :)
Nov 25 10:49:02 <chen>	starting with updates from my side,
Nov 25 10:49:55 <chen>	worked some blockers, patch reviews (just started) and committed the folder fetch in imapx and working on message fetching..
Nov 25 10:50:05 <chen>	just clearing some threading issues as well..
Nov 25 10:50:15 <chen>	abharath, updates ?
Nov 25 10:50:54 <abharath>	chen: on with some mapi issues. addressbook is alive on master now and working well. Would be fixing a few more issues in there this week
Nov 25 10:51:14 <chen>	abharath, cool
Nov 25 10:51:18 <abharath>	chen: https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=568763
Nov 25 10:51:45 <abharath>	Julien was ok with this workaround till a proper change is made in openchange
Nov 25 10:52:06 <abharath>	he'll review it as soon as he finds some time
Nov 25 10:52:22 <chen>	jonner, treitter ross, wanted to ping you guys on one doubt, will moving GDBus help us with threading issues we have ?
Nov 25 10:52:41 <chen>	abharath, fine
Nov 25 10:53:01 <ross>	chen: i think it will. i need to dig deeper but gdbus makes attempts at being thread-sane
Nov 25 10:53:09 <ross>	unlike dbus-glib which panics and dies
Nov 25 10:53:45 *	chen has one blocker - a crasher with dbus :)
Nov 25 10:53:58 <ross>	yeah
Nov 25 10:54:06 <ross>	i'm hoping stuff like that won't break with gdbus
Nov 25 10:54:12 <chen>	ross, thats a good news if it can solve it. as you already know we have a lot of threading in evo
Nov 25 10:54:23 <chen>	and changing them is just a tedius work..
Nov 25 10:54:23 <ross>	yeah
Nov 25 10:54:42 <chen>	ross, nice :)
Nov 25 10:54:54 <chen>	jonner, updates ?
Nov 25 10:55:03 <chen>	mbarnes, updates ?
Nov 25 10:55:18 <mcrha>	will there be "just a movement" or any testing branch or something?
Nov 25 10:55:37 <mbarnes>	been fixing miscellaneous kill-bonobo regressions
Nov 25 10:55:47 <jonner>	chen, currently working on refactoring how errors are handled in evolution.  I've chatted with mbarnes about it a bit and hopefully I'll have a patch for review soon.
Nov 25 10:56:10 <mbarnes>	also, this is a short week for me.  I'm off tomorrow and Friday
Nov 25 10:56:13 <chen>	mcrha, would be good if treitter or jonner answers that..
Nov 25 10:56:25 <mbarnes>	so I'm using that as a lame excuse to work on "camel-gobject" a bit
Nov 25 10:56:29 <ross>	chen: what is the # of this threading blocker bug?
Nov 25 10:56:31 <chen>	jonner, nice!!
Nov 25 10:56:51 <jonner>	It's just a first step to enabling us to communicate errors from backend to frontend in the future without just automatically popping up a dialog
Nov 25 10:57:15 <chen>	jonner, i would love know about the new change :)
Nov 25 10:57:23 <jonner>	chen, mcrha: sorry, which question should I answer
Nov 25 10:57:30 <chen>	mbarnes, :)
Nov 25 10:57:43 <mcrha>	ross, one you maybe recall, with locking around calls to dbus in ECal, but there can be more
Nov 25 10:57:47 <chen>	jonner, will there be "just a movement" or any testing branch or something?
Nov 25 10:57:54 <chen>	for GDbus movement
Nov 25 10:58:00 *	chen looks for the bug
Nov 25 10:58:06 <ross>	mcrha: yeah, i wanted to see the details again
Nov 25 10:58:21 <jonner>	ah, gdbus is more travis / ross.
Nov 25 10:58:35 <chen>	ross, https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=601525
Nov 25 10:58:40 <ross>	thanks
Nov 25 10:58:44 <chen>	np
Nov 25 10:59:44 <chen>	mcrha, updates ?
Nov 25 10:59:53 <mcrha>	ross, nd this is the older: https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=597648
Nov 25 10:59:57 <mcrha>	*and
Nov 25 11:00:26 <mcrha>	not much update, bugs here and there, some blockers touched too, having an ongoing review on one bug too
Nov 25 11:00:37 <chen>	ross, anything to share ?
Nov 25 11:00:44 <chen>	mcrha, nice :)
Nov 25 11:01:02 *	chen wont ask mcrha about plugin reviews now :)
Nov 25 11:01:15 <chen>	treitter, updates?
Nov 25 11:01:33 <mcrha>	hehe, th eone is from plugins, actually, but sure, I'll try to look on plugin patches which aren't mine some time soon
Nov 25 11:01:45 <chen>	thanks :)
Nov 25 11:02:14 <chen>	anything else which we need to discuss now ?
Nov 25 11:03:15 <chen>	looks like no.. Lets meet next week with the 2.29.3 release done :)
Nov 25 11:03:31 <abharath>	cool
Nov 25 11:03:33 <chen>	Thanks everyone!!

