Nov 19 10:35:40 <chen>	Before going through the agenda sent over to the e-h list..
Nov 19 10:35:47 <chen>	there is some exiting news!!
Nov 19 10:36:01 <mcrha>	abharath, nope, chen did today :)
Nov 19 10:36:03 <chen>	we have been talking about having mailer in EDS for a long time
Nov 19 10:36:36 <chen>	Its a pleasure to introduce treitter (Travis Reitter), jonner  (Jonathon Jongsma ) from collabora 
Nov 19 10:36:48 <chen>	who are going to make this a reality!!
Nov 19 10:36:59 <jony>	woohoo !! 
Nov 19 10:37:00 <chen>	hi jonner and treitter!!
Nov 19 10:37:09 <abharath>	yay :) sounds great :) welcome guys
Nov 19 10:37:15 <jony>	hello hello treitter and jonner 
Nov 19 10:37:16 <mcrha>	hi both
Nov 19 10:37:26 <jonner>	hi
Nov 19 10:37:38 <treitter>	yup, should be a nice change
Nov 19 10:37:39 <chen>	they will be soon sharing the design aspects in the wiki and e-h list with everyone!!
Nov 19 10:38:23 <chen>	its just so awesome to have new people and with some exiting new things in evo!!
Nov 19 10:38:53 <jonner>	yeah, looking forward to working with all of you more closely
Nov 19 10:38:54 <jony>	chen: so when are we targetting this feature ?
Nov 19 10:39:03 <lakhil>	Can we expect it to be done by gnome 3.0 ? :)   /me excited 
Nov 19 10:39:39 <chen>	they are going through the design aspects right now and more I will leave the floor to them to reply :)
Nov 19 10:39:50 <chen>	jonner, treitter ^^
Nov 19 10:40:11 <jonner>	gnome 3.0 is next september, so I think that's definitely acheivable
Nov 19 10:40:25 <lakhil>	sounds great 
Nov 19 10:40:25 <chen>	that will be awesome!!
Nov 19 10:40:33 *	abharath claps :) waiting for the design eagerly
Nov 19 10:40:54 *	chen is just exited to see apps like mail-notify running in panel using mailer in eds :)
Nov 19 10:41:12 <chen>	see/imagine atm :)
Nov 19 10:41:30 <chen>	So now lets move on with the agenda we have for this meeting
Nov 19 10:41:38 <chen>	the first in the list is,
Nov 19 10:41:45 <chen>	the current blockers we have..
Nov 19 10:42:03 <chen>	we have around 16 blockers across evo, eds, evo-ex and mapi..
Nov 19 10:42:25 <chen>	some have taken too many iterations but had not got the closure yet..
Nov 19 10:42:42 <chen>	what would be the best way to go about them ?
Nov 19 10:43:15 *	chen thinks the first step might be to get a name assigned to each one of them..
Nov 19 10:43:26 <jony>	chen: okies. may work.
Nov 19 10:43:43 <chen>	and look into it first to get a closure than targetting any other ones..
Nov 19 10:44:02 <abharath>	chen: let each one pick up what works for him :)
Nov 19 10:44:04 <chen>	if some bugs do not belong to the blocker category they should be removed
Nov 19 10:44:25 <chen>	having the blocker tag means they are the top-most bugs which needs to be looked at..
Nov 19 10:44:48 <chen>	I see a lot of bugs with assignees as maintainers..
Nov 19 10:45:05 *	chen feels mbarnes has missed the time ?
Nov 19 10:45:22 <chen>	abharath, agree!
Nov 19 10:45:45 <chen>	abharath, I see one assigned to varadhan in exchange :)
Nov 19 10:45:51 <chen>	mcrha, what do you think?
Nov 19 10:45:55 <mbarnes>	chen: no, I'm here
Nov 19 10:46:04 <chen>	ah ok
Nov 19 10:46:07 <mcrha>	depends on a respective bug.
Nov 19 10:46:28 *	EvaSDK (eva@APuteaux-554-1-28-22.w86-217.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Nov 19 10:46:39 <chen>	mcrha, yup, we have the freedom to choose bugs :)
Nov 19 10:47:08 <chen>	but it would be good if all the blockers are booked with a name..
Nov 19 10:47:19 <mcrha>	yeah, sort of "freedom"
Nov 19 10:47:22 <chen>	so that we are clear who is reponsible for getting it closed..
Nov 19 10:47:48 <mcrha>	lakhil is good in closing bugs :)
Nov 19 10:47:51 <chen>	we have been having the blockers for quite sometime and release with them is not so good..
Nov 19 10:47:54 <chen>	lol
Nov 19 10:48:09 <abharath>	mcrha: :D
Nov 19 10:48:14 <lakhil>	mcrha: blockers should be closed as resolved fixed :P
Nov 19 10:48:18 <chen>	mbarnes, do u have something else in mind ?
Nov 19 10:48:38 *	mcrha closed one as a duplicate of the other yesterday or so
Nov 19 10:49:17 *	chen is worried about the disk-summary bugs which has stayed for quite sometime now
Nov 19 10:49:36 <andre>	me too.
Nov 19 10:49:42 <mbarnes>	chen: I'm fine with assigning blocker bugs.  we need to be careful of disgruntled users promoting severity themselves though
Nov 19 10:50:18 <mcrha>	yeah, definitely
Nov 19 10:50:18 <chen>	jony, with respect to mapi,
Nov 19 10:50:18 <mcrha>	will the mailer movement to eds change anything there?
Nov 19 10:50:18 <jony>	yup .. 
Nov 19 10:50:18 <chen>	I see three blockers, one is assigned
Nov 19 10:50:29 <jony>	chen: i'll take a look at them. 
Nov 19 10:50:42 <chen>	cool, plz assign them to you :)
Nov 19 10:50:54 <abharath>	chen: I will commit one of those blockers tomo first thing in the morning
Nov 19 10:50:55 <chen>	mbarnes, yup completely agree :)
Nov 19 10:51:05 <abharath>	the mapi blockers I meant
Nov 19 10:51:16 <jony>	chen: i'll try .. little distracted with other things .. so would take some time .. 
Nov 19 10:51:54 <jony>	some are distro specific crashers. don't have time to install/debug it 
Nov 19 10:51:57 <chen>	mcrha, yup it would, you would prolly know more clearly once jonner and treitter share the design in the wiki once its finalized
Nov 19 10:52:05 <chen>	abharath, cool
Nov 19 10:52:17 <mcrha>	ok
Nov 19 10:52:18 <chen>	jony, ah ok
Nov 19 10:52:26 <chen>	jony, understand
Nov 19 10:53:00 <chen>	so after the meeting we can choose the bugs between us
Nov 19 10:53:31 <chen>	and the left ones can be looked into tomorrow if no one picks :) i don hope to see any though :)
Nov 19 10:53:49 <chen>	ok ?
Nov 19 10:54:18 <chen>	mcrha, mbarnes jony abharath ^
Nov 19 10:54:31 <jony>	sounds good
Nov 19 10:54:35 <mcrha>	for me tomorrow, other meeting in ~6 minutes, and then leaving home. Unless it'll be a short meeting
Nov 19 10:54:36 <chen>	cool
Nov 19 10:54:42 <mbarnes>	sounds good to me
Nov 19 10:54:49 <abharath>	chen: okies
Nov 19 10:54:51 <chen>	mcrha, cool np
Nov 19 10:55:00 <chen>	moving on to the next then,
Nov 19 10:55:04 <chen>	patch reviews
Nov 19 10:55:22 <chen>	we have around 72 unreviewed patches across components
Nov 19 10:55:53 <chen>	I can take the calendar patches along with some mailer patches as mailer top the numbers..
Nov 19 10:56:01 <chen>	how do we share the others?
Nov 19 10:56:50 <chen>	I know mbarnes will look across components though mailer would top ur list
Nov 19 10:57:08 <chen>	but would be good to share the load with reponsibility associated..
Nov 19 10:57:27 <chen>	who is ready to grab the plugin patches ? :)
Nov 19 10:57:43 <jony>	(time for my theraphy. bfn.)
Nov 19 10:57:44 <mbarnes>	I can help with the plugin patches
Nov 19 10:57:49 *	jony is now known as jony|afk
Nov 19 10:58:16 <mcrha>	I looked once on plugin patches, but then there left few of mine which aren't (or isn't) as that simple to just commit
Nov 19 10:58:17 <chen>	cool!
Nov 19 10:58:37 <chen>	mcrha, mbarnes would help there..
Nov 19 10:58:49 <mcrha>	yup
Nov 19 10:58:53 <chen>	contacts and misc ? :)
Nov 19 10:59:26 <chen>	abharath, mcrha ^^
Nov 19 10:59:40 <mcrha>	best suitable for lakhil again? ;)
Nov 19 10:59:57 <abharath>	chen: plugins I could. misc scary ;)
Nov 19 11:00:04 *	lakhil says big NO 
Nov 19 11:00:06 <chen>	I understand there are certain pieces of code which one may not understand and would need learning
Nov 19 11:00:34 <chen>	the same holds good with me too for mailer.. though it might take learning+review it would worth to spend time..
Nov 19 11:00:48 <chen>	abharath, plugins is already grabbed :)
Nov 19 11:00:59 <mcrha>	it'snot only about that. Consider design changes, decision about design changes, and also the code change, thus patches unapplicable.
Nov 19 11:01:05 <chen>	abharath, contacts or misc ? :)
Nov 19 11:01:16 <mbarnes>	for me, I'm game for reviewing any patches for evo
Nov 19 11:01:25 <mbarnes>	and possibly camel -- with help from others
Nov 19 11:01:55 <chen>	mbarnes, sure I will join u there :) and also learn from you :)
Nov 19 11:01:56 <abharath>	chen: hmmm contacts then ;) but I would still snatch the plugins ;)
Nov 19 11:02:08 <abharath>	chen: contacts it will be then
Nov 19 11:02:22 <chen>	mcrha, yup agree, but there are people who know the design well in every area,
Nov 19 11:02:45 <chen>	so would be good to get the help from there wherever required and make a closure on the reviews..
Nov 19 11:03:07 <chen>	for example ross is the best person for address-book, since he cant always revuew all patches
Nov 19 11:03:20 <chen>	it would be good if someone contacts him when needed to share the load with him..
Nov 19 11:03:33 <chen>	abharath, hehe
Nov 19 11:03:42 *	hggdh has quit (Read error: 148 (No route to host))
Nov 19 11:03:59 <chen>	so we have some names set :)
Nov 19 11:04:20 <chen>	will get it published in the wiki after the meeting for future reference :)
Nov 19 11:04:32 <chen>	and that leads us to another agenda..
Nov 19 11:04:34 <chen>	wiki :)
Nov 19 11:05:17 <chen>	mbarnes, any plans for migrating the wiki, understand that you were thinking about the best,
Nov 19 11:05:31 <chen>	possible ways to transfer the content to lgo
Nov 19 11:06:03 <chen>	jony|afk also did some initial work, prolly he can also share his views once he is back in m-l prolly..
Nov 19 11:06:39 <chen>	mbarnes, are we looking at moving the content anytime near?
Nov 19 11:07:14 <chen>	later..
Nov 19 11:07:30 <chen>	starting with updates from my side..
Nov 19 11:07:30 <mbarnes>	chen: I'd like to, but haven't really made any progress on it yet.  too busy
Nov 19 11:08:05 <chen>	mbarnes, what about putting the live content which is happening in lgo for now?
Nov 19 11:08:13 <chen>	lets migrate the old data later..
Nov 19 11:08:28 <chen>	and use lgo for any reference for whatever we do from now..
Nov 19 11:08:40 <mbarnes>	sure.  start with stuff linked to on the front page + anything else we're actively updating
Nov 19 11:09:12 <chen>	cool, will put those data in lgo today
Nov 19 11:09:23 <andre>	uhm. please don't split wiki content into two domains (lgo and go-evo.org). that will make things hard to find
Nov 19 11:10:02 <chen>	andre, we will keep the old data which holds a lot of old design in go-evol.org for now..
Nov 19 11:10:28 <andre>	as long as the current unbearable situation gets fixed...
Nov 19 11:10:36 <chen>	andre, whatever is current would be in lgo for sometime, atleast for starters..
Nov 19 11:10:36 <andre>	you cannot create a new account in go-evo.org
Nov 19 11:10:37 <abharath>	yes have links for now in the front page but don't forget to migrate slowly over time :)
Nov 19 11:10:45 <andre>	that's not what i define as a wiki.
Nov 19 11:11:11 <chen>	andre, atleast something rather than nothing :)
Nov 19 11:11:32 *	chen saw some users want to editing the current data and ofcourse they can do with go-evo.org atm :(
Nov 19 11:11:48 *	mcrha is now known as mcrha|mtg
Nov 19 11:12:08 *	mbarnes is physically in another meeting right now, so apologies in advance for slow responses
Nov 19 11:12:11 *	mcrha|mtg will be back later
Nov 19 11:12:32 <chen>	andre, good to do it progressively isn it?
Nov 19 11:12:45 <chen>	mcrha|mtg, mbarnes sure np
Nov 19 11:13:07 <andre>	i'm happy with *any* progress. :-P
Nov 19 11:13:19 <chen>	andre, sure you will see it :)
Nov 19 11:14:01 <chen>	have been working on some bugs fixes and more on meeting over the last week. got to get the unreviewed patches from the list :)
Nov 19 11:14:24 <chen>	mcrha|mtg, btw would be good if you change the patch status to unreviewed,
Nov 19 11:14:38 <chen>	on the patches where you are waiting for a review and the status is reviewed..
Nov 19 11:14:54 <chen>	abharath, updates ?
Nov 19 11:15:17 <abharath>	chen: mostly on mapi issues. will commit them tomo
Nov 19 11:15:35 <chen>	abharath, cool
Nov 19 11:15:41 <chen>	andre, anything to share?
Nov 19 11:16:01 <abharath>	chen: wanted to start with FreeBusy, but will do only after fixing some more contact bugs in mapi
Nov 19 11:16:40 <chen>	abharath, ah ok, thats going to be very important feature for mapi..
Nov 19 11:16:55 <chen>	EvaSDK, anything to share?
Nov 19 11:17:40 <chen>	jonner, would be nice to catch often from now, anything to share?
Nov 19 11:18:00 <chen>	lakhil, updates?
Nov 19 11:18:16 <lakhil>	chen: filed many bugs against master in last 2 weeks, patch testing and bug triaging 
Nov 19 11:18:31 <EvaSDK>	chen: nope
Nov 19 11:18:40 <jonner>	not at the moment, no.
Nov 19 11:18:47 <andre>	nothing to share.
Nov 19 11:19:00 <chen>	lakhil, hope the last you shared last week will get exhausted next week and be ready with a new one for next week :)
Nov 19 11:19:17 <chen>	EvaSDK, jonner andre fine
Nov 19 11:19:25 <lakhil>	sure .. /me will send new bug list by Monday 
Nov 19 11:19:57 <EvaSDK>	chen: hum, actually I cleaned up the wiki again in the last few days, some old spam account that is not removed yet
Nov 19 11:20:22 <chen>	mbarnes, updates if ur able to see this ? (/me does not want to disturb as ur in another meeting)
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	I posted my long-term plans for Camel to evolution-hackers yesterday
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	("long-term" as in not actively working on it right now, just scheming and planning)
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	http://mail.gnome.org/archives/evolution-hackers/2009-November/msg00019.html
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	many fundamental design decisions in Camel date back to the GNOME 1.x era
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	times have changed.  we have GObject, GIO and GNIO now
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	and some of those design decisions should be reversed in Evolution 3
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	with particular emphasis on moving to an async-based instead of thread-based design
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	I also uploaded a branch I've been picking at over the past year called "camel-gobject"
Nov 19 11:20:30 <mbarnes>	which will begin moving us in that direction
Nov 19 11:20:40 <chen>	EvaSDK, sorry for that..
Nov 19 11:21:26 <chen>	mbarnes, nice :) any idea when the gnio would have the ssl capability ?
Nov 19 11:21:32 <EvaSDK>	chen: no problem, just saying so you guys don't forget about this spam issue :)
Nov 19 11:21:55 <mbarnes>	not sure.  Dan Winship is on it.  I'll check with him
Nov 19 11:22:08 <chen>	EvaSDK, we would soon obsolete go-evolution which would solve the problem :)
Nov 19 11:22:08 <mbarnes>	probably well before I'm ready to use it
Nov 19 11:22:18 <andre>	danw? uh, cool.
Nov 19 11:22:21 <chen>	mbarnes, that would be great!
Nov 19 11:22:24 <EvaSDK>	nice
Nov 19 11:22:55 <chen>	mbarnes, hope there would be not a big change for imapx, but lets see :)
Nov 19 11:23:06 <chen>	mcrha|mtg, updates?
Nov 19 11:23:20 <chen>	treitter, anything to share?
Nov 19 11:23:53 <treitter>	chen: not specifically. We'll keep everyone updated on the wiki/mailing list/bugzilla :)
Nov 19 11:24:00 *	chen targets mid of next month (dec 3rd week) for a demo on imapx
Nov 19 11:24:08 <chen>	treitter, nice :)
Nov 19 11:24:16 <abharath>	chen: cool :)
Nov 19 11:24:44 <chen>	anything else to discuss ?
Nov 19 11:25:24 <lakhil>	it will be good to get some patch reviews done before stable release :)
Nov 19 11:25:47 <chen>	lakhil, sure!
Nov 19 11:26:13 <chen>	lakhil, let us know if u have some specific bug numbers  in mind..
Nov 19 11:26:23 <lakhil>	sure 
Nov 19 11:26:45 <chen>	we then catch up next week. thanks all for joining!! have a nice week ahead :)
Nov 19 11:27:01 <lakhil>	good night 
Nov 19 11:27:16 <andre>	heh
Nov 19 11:27:54 <chen>	see u, bye
Nov 19 11:28:00 <abharath>	bye all

