Aug 19 12:11:26 <chen_>	sorry guys :)
Aug 19 12:11:47 <chen_>	i was typing thinking that i was connected, but just realized i was not
Aug 19 12:12:12 <chen_>	so this is what i was typing all the while,
Aug 19 12:12:21 <chen_>	<chen> Looks like there are not much people for this meeting. Jony is on leave today - Fyi..
Aug 19 12:12:22 <chen_>	<chen> we can just go through fast across the room and if there not much concerns, we can go back to work :)
Aug 19 12:12:22 <chen_>	<chen> from my side,
Aug 19 12:12:22 <chen_>	<chen> have been in discussion with ross last week on dbus merging and address-book part is merged as you know,
Aug 19 12:12:22 <chen_>	<chen> was looking into the imapx code and gnio. not sure if gnio supports ssl,
Aug 19 12:12:24 <chen_>	<chen> started on some dbus bug fixes
Aug 19 12:12:26 <chen_>	<chen> abharath, lakhil mcrha updates from your sides please and if you have any concerns, please bring them up
Aug 19 12:12:30 <abharath>	chen_: no probs :)
Aug 19 12:13:07 *	chen has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Aug 19 12:13:54 <mcrha>	nothing special from my side, I'm only waiting for the calendar dbus merge and then I'll start (try) using the master.
Aug 19 12:14:00 <abharath>	chen_: Been on MAPI this week. Fixed the GAL entries issue. couple more fixes and it should be all well for it
Aug 19 12:14:17 <lakhil>	chen_, back from vacation , did bug triaging and today i was trying calendar with kill-bonobo branch ..nothing much 
Aug 19 12:14:33 <chen_>	mcrha, abharath lakhil thanks!
Aug 19 12:14:35 <mcrha>	and of course, I hope Matt will have the kb-to-master merge ready for the end of the month. I'm interested in the update on this.
Aug 19 12:14:39 <chen_>	lakhil, how is it working ?
Aug 19 12:15:16 <lakhil>	chen_, it doesn't seem to work in group wise at least 
Aug 19 12:15:35 <chen_>	mcrha, fine, i guess the calendar dbus should be merged end of this week or next week for sure
Aug 19 12:15:41 <lakhil>	i did configure google with caldav but it didn't work there also ..so cann't say much there
Aug 19 12:15:56 <mcrha>	lakhil, on kb?
Aug 19 12:16:00 <mcrha>	with master eds?
Aug 19 12:16:07 <chen_>	mcrha, there are certain bugs which we know already, like address-book and calendar runs as separate processes
Aug 19 12:16:25 <chen_>	which i have discussed with ross and will be fixed after merging
Aug 19 12:16:42 <lakhil>	mcrha, yep in kb  with master eds 
Aug 19 12:17:17 <chen_>	Muelli, any updates for us ?
Aug 19 12:17:53 <mcrha>	lakhil, aha, I still didn't get a green for a kb-calendar from Matt, thus testing there, I think, is too early at the moment
Aug 19 12:17:54 <Muelli>	chen_: nope sorry :-\
Aug 19 12:18:11 <chen_>	we should prolly have some clear idea on what needs to fixed once akhil has a go at the dbus merges next week
Aug 19 12:18:24 *	EvaSDK (~eva@APuteaux-552-1-97-40.w90-44.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Aug 19 12:18:25 <lakhil>	mcrha, yeah .. i juts noticed some commits there so gave a try 
Aug 19 12:18:32 <chen_>	hey EvaSDK 
Aug 19 12:18:55 <mcrha>	chen_, yup, I'm looking forward for the update on the mailing list
Aug 19 12:19:04 <chen_>	cool
Aug 19 12:19:06 <EvaSDK>	hello guys
Aug 19 12:19:37 <mcrha>	hi EvaSDK 
Aug 19 12:19:39 <chen_>	EvaSDK, we were just providing updates from each of our side
Aug 19 12:19:53 <chen_>	and general discussion about the dbus merges/kb things
Aug 19 12:20:49 <chen_>	so lets wait for the calendar to be merged and with kill-bonobo we will have a bunch of interesting things to be fixed :)
Aug 19 12:21:18 *	mcrha foresees a big bunch of things
Aug 19 12:21:38 <chen_>	Lets meet next week then with the calendar merges done :)
Aug 19 12:22:07 <chen_>	Thanks guys!
