Jun 03 06:02:24 <srag>	hello everyone...
Jun 03 06:02:25 <srag>	I hope to have a very short meeting...
Jun 03 06:02:55 <srag>	No big updates from my side.. but Anjal's patches are in evo..
Jun 03 06:03:09 <srag>	and I have a few small things to commit, which I would do
Jun 03 06:03:13 *	chen (~chen@117.192.226.143) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 03 06:03:49 <srag>	We can go around the channel
Jun 03 06:03:53 <srag>	abharath, anything toshare with us ?
Jun 03 06:04:41 <abharath>	srag: mostly internal work. nothing much. just that GW with SSL broken with libsoup 2.26.2. Fridrich has already put in a word to Dan abt it
Jun 03 06:04:55 <srag>	cool.
Jun 03 06:05:00 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
Jun 03 06:05:22 <chen>	srag, just implemented the,
Jun 03 06:05:33 <chen>	header based threading for gw provider
Jun 03 06:05:38 <Fridrich>	I did not try but there is gnutls 2.8.0
Jun 03 06:05:39 <chen>	started reviewing the patches now
Jun 03 06:05:40 <srag>	awesome..
Jun 03 06:05:53 <abharath>	Fridrich: oh
Jun 03 06:06:13 <Fridrich>	the problem is in gnutls also, because some thngs are wrongly implemented
Jun 03 06:06:22 <chen>	srag, will be starting on event (push) based model for Groupwise connector
Jun 03 06:06:36 <srag>	chen, nice.
Jun 03 06:06:47 <srag>	Fridrich, ok.
Jun 03 06:06:52 <srag>	EvaSDK, anything to share with us ?
Jun 03 06:07:34 <EvaSDK>	nope
Jun 03 06:07:38 <srag>	Fridrich, anything to share with us ?
Jun 03 06:07:44 <srag>	EvaSDK, thx
Jun 03 06:08:15 <Fridrich>	srag: no, but I can share some of your money if you want
Jun 03 06:08:28 <chen>	lol
Jun 03 06:08:38 <lakhil>	lol
Jun 03 06:08:39 <Fridrich>	or maybe just to delight in this http://go-oo.org/~fridrich/win32/evolution-rss-webkit-win32.png
Jun 03 06:08:39 <srag>	Fridrich, that would be awesome ;-)
Jun 03 06:09:04 <srag>	you probably get a null error ;-)
Jun 03 06:09:09 <abharath>	Fridrich: with the new libproxy :D
Jun 03 06:09:18 <srag>	Fridrich, its awesome
Jun 03 06:09:22 <Fridrich>	abharath: no, I forced lucian ot conditionalize that
Jun 03 06:09:24 <chen>	looks cool :)
Jun 03 06:09:37 <abharath>	Fridrich: hehe cool then ;)
Jun 03 06:09:53 <Fridrich>	also libsoup-gnome is just optional
Jun 03 06:10:00 <abharath>	chen: it is webkit ;)
Jun 03 06:10:03 <srag>	Fridrich, may be lucian should blog about it.
Jun 03 06:10:09 <srag>	it looks way cool.
Jun 03 06:10:10 <Fridrich>	or maybe me
Jun 03 06:10:12 <Fridrich>	abharath: yup
Jun 03 06:10:15 <srag>	jony, anything for us ?
Jun 03 06:10:22 <abharath>	Fridrich: hehe yeah you should
Jun 03 06:10:23 <jony>	srag: mapi. i just need to edit the releaseplanning wiki page for libmapi 0.8.2 (recommended). have a patch for jhbuild for the same. 
Jun 03 06:10:32 *	Fridrich is a lazy ass
Jun 03 06:10:39 <srag>	Fridrich, yeah, I want people to know about this... you or lucian.. but a blog would be awesome
Jun 03 06:10:48 <srag>	jony, ok.
Jun 03 06:10:58 <srag>	lakhil, anything to share with us ?
Jun 03 06:11:14 <lakhil>	srag, a few patch testing , build verification for sle and bug triaging 
Jun 03 06:11:19 <srag>	ok
Jun 03 06:11:26 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
Jun 03 06:11:28 <mcrha>	Maybe only that if you see something broken, think of me, as I committed few things to master directly. One question on srag: is the webkit thing in too? I checked few days ago but didn't find in configure.ac.
Jun 03 06:11:49 <srag>	mcrha, nope we bkit isn't yet it
Jun 03 06:11:57 *	andre (~andre@g1.blanicka25.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 03 06:11:59 *	monkey|bot gives channel operator status to andre
Jun 03 06:11:59 <mcrha>	ok, makes sense then
Jun 03 06:12:11 <srag>	mcrha, there are more changes in efhd that mbarnes|away did and I need to rework my webkit things to adapt for that
Jun 03 06:12:20 <srag>	I dont have time.. so still pushing it
Jun 03 06:12:46 <mcrha>	that's fine, I was just wondering when seeing you talking about pushed patches from anjal
Jun 03 06:13:27 <Fridrich>	btw, once you start to require inconditionally dbus, could you before create a "fridrich" branch?
Jun 03 06:13:32 <srag>	mcrha, its those evo's custom patches that Anjal needs
Jun 03 06:13:41 <srag>	Fridrich, sure.
Jun 03 06:13:50 <srag>	seb128, anything to share with us ?
Jun 03 06:14:16 <seb128>	not really no, I've not been tracking evolution changes recently, still busy on 2.26 breakages
Jun 03 06:14:39 <srag>	ok.
Jun 03 06:15:06 <srag>	seb128, if you have some issues, feel free to loop me in it.
Jun 03 06:15:08 <seb128>	is 2.27 stable currently?
Jun 03 06:15:20 <srag>	seb128, yeah, it is.
Jun 03 06:15:25 <seb128>	where do you plan to land e-d-s-dbus?
Jun 03 06:15:35 <seb128>	where -> when rather
Jun 03 06:15:41 <srag>	seb128, ross is working on it.. I still dont have a date :(
Jun 03 06:15:52 <seb128>	ok
Jun 03 06:16:03 <seb128>	any other real changes coming?
Jun 03 06:16:05 <mcrha>	seb128, what kind of stability? I still commit things there which are not suitable for 2.26
Jun 03 06:16:25 <seb128>	ie bonobo-less gui, webkit, ...?
Jun 03 06:16:37 <srag>	seb128, mbarnes|away is cherry picking KB changes..
Jun 03 06:16:39 <srag>	some of them are in.
Jun 03 06:16:46 <srag>	seb128, webkit would be a optional renderer
Jun 03 06:16:50 <seb128>	mcrha: basically "would you push it to unstable distro users or does it eat emails and crash every 15 seconds"
Jun 03 06:17:11 <srag>	GtkHTML would be there for 2.28 surely. no second thoughts.
Jun 03 06:17:16 <seb128>	ok
Jun 03 06:17:22 <seb128>	thanks
Jun 03 06:17:23 <srag>	anything else guys ?
Jun 03 06:17:23 <seb128>	that's all from me today ;-)
Jun 03 06:17:28 <srag>	thx seb128 
Jun 03 06:17:31 <mcrha>	seb128, when doesn't it eat emails? ;)
Jun 03 06:17:48 <seb128>	mcrha: when it's not running? ;-)
Jun 03 06:17:59 <mcrha>	do not be sure ;)
Jun 03 06:18:09 <srag>	Ok guys, see you all next week... bye

