<!--#set var="title" value="IRC Team Meeting - July 29, 2009"-->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer"-->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml"-->

<h1>IRC Team Meeting - July 29, 2009</h1>
<div class="irclog">
<p class="action">* seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-258-1-67-181.w90-13.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;seb128&gt;</span> <span class="text">hi</span></p>
<p class="action">* chen_ see thats mbarnes is not there. will send him the logs after the meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">hi seb128</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">Lets get started..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">Now that the feature freeze is in place, its the right time to concentrate of the top bugs on each component.&nbsp;&nbsp;It would be good if the module maintainers,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">set the target milestones for the bugs which we want to target for evolution 2.28 . This would give an idea about where our focus is going to be.. We should be using <a href="http://www.go-evolution.org/Bugzilla_Topics">http://www.go-evolution.org/Bugzilla_Topics</a> to choose the right bucket of bugs for 2.28.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">when the sorting should be done?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">The bugs can be chosen based on severity, but there would be definitely some bugs in normal/minor category which might be important too, we need to set the right severity for them</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, prolly over this week and choose bugs from the bucket</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">next two days, I see</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">This would narrow down our focus to the right issues and with a smaller team it becomes importatn</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, yup</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">thatz a nice wiki page . :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">jony, we should keep it as that empty as it is as much as possible ;)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, will send out a mail to the hackers list so that the other module maintainers can put their opinions</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha: true :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">jony, and once things are set, we can put it across in the wiki</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, as the first step to the big bugzilla cleanup, I guess?</span></p>
<p class="action">* srag_ (~sragavan@123.238.26.182) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">hello guys</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">hi srag_ </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">hey srag_!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, maybe, but there will more happening once the bugsquad meeting is over on aug 3rd :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, i see it covers most of the cleanup aspects</span></p>
<p class="action">* lakhil sees mcrha now days in top bug closer list instead of his well known place - top patch provider :D</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, this is just for us to focus on the right ones :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">:D</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">lol</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">lakhil: you threatened? ;)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">another agenda on patch reviews.&nbsp;&nbsp;We need to mention the active hackers involved in patch reviews based on components and publish it in the wiki..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">abharath, not at all ..got a good friend :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, hmm, bug-squad meeting, I didn't know of such, or is lakhil known as The (A) Team?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, checkout andre's blog :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">yeah, you do not want patches, thus I'm closing with commits directly or just mark duplicates. It's boring a bit</span></p>
<p class="action">* knirav (~knirav@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text"><a href="http://mail.gnome.org/archives/gnome-bugsquad/2009-July/msg00010.html">http://mail.gnome.org/archives/gnome-bugsquad/2009-July/msg00010.html</a></span></p>
<p class="action">* knirav_ (~knirav@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">lakhil, thanks</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, will you be able to take responsibility for the address-book/plugin related patches along with ross ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, welcome</span></p>
<p class="action">* knirav has quit (Leaving)</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, hmm, I donot know much about address-book, just few things I touched there</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, you did exchange-contact-list, that's more than enough i guess :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, prolly you could review the ones which you can and leave the rest for ross and keep in touch with him</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">i see he is quite busy with work and do not want those patches to lye around..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">lakhil: +1 </span></p>
<p class="action">* mcrha cannot recall touching ross any time before... ;)</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">hehe</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mbarnes and srag_ (depending on his work) would be reviewing mailer patches and i will be taking up the calendar ones</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">lol</span></p>
<p class="action">* mcrha recalls srag_ beeing an address book maintainer</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">abharath for evolution-exchange patches</span></p>
<p class="action">* srag_ wishes that mcrha had a poor memory</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">for mapi it would be jony :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: hehe .. letz see :) </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">lakhil, that thing was rather about eex than address book</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">there are few pending patches in mapi . </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, but, Im not active on patches for the next 1 month atleast</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, my anjal work load is pretty much </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">prolly i will summarize and send mail across to all of you and we can decide and update the wiki</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, understand</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, and its important that someone reviews Philip's body structure patch</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">I thought I could, but Im getting closer to code freeze, and Im very busy</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, yes, will ping mbarnes on the same</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">its due for a long time.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">cool</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, ok, what about a deal? I will take care of those if you will down my pending patches to half. Is it a good deal? ;) of course, I do not count things like "needs-work" or "reviewed" set there</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, so once we get names across and publish it would be good for anyone to know the right person to contact</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">lol</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, u should have many got out by now ;)</span></p>
<p class="action">* psankar (~evo@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">hey psankar </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">hey chen_ </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, there are still quite many pending a review</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, you got one more reviewer ;-)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, there are some more which am currently reviewing :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">yeah :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, let's see on bugzilla</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, we were just discussing about patch reviews and respective owners for them :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, check ur bgo mails ;)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">apart from this,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">as u know jony, is currently working on eds-addressbook port and has almost fixed the issue for authenticated backends</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">i would allow jony to update more..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, ah okay.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p class="action">* mcrha is seeing around 46 evo patches pending</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: okies . so been working on dbus port. </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">google backend is working .</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, oh i saw just 13 calendar patches left ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">been testing with groupwise .. and fixing some bugs .</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">a little slow since i'm very new to EDS and very very new to addressbook . </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, we will look over them after the meeting</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, sure</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">hopefulyl we'll have a good stable code by this weekend .</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">and thanks chen_&nbsp;&nbsp;for those pointers around eds . </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">jony, that would be great! and we can then go for branching early next week once the eds-dbus branch is merged</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">to update on the work i had been doing over the last week,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">I think I asked last week, but anyway, when the merge and early branch will be done exactly? is the exact date known already?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">got the patch for migrating the backend cache for calendar for all eds backends committed</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">some patch reviews for the feature freeze. a lot of mcrha :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">reading through camel docs and imap rfc's</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, am just waiting for the dbus branch to be merged</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;seb128&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, will eds-dbus land in 2.28 now that feature freeze is in effecT?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, so i guess we will be able to do it next week</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">seb128, its not a feature, so it can land over</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">seb128, it also does not have any api/abi changes..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;seb128&gt;</span> <span class="text">ok</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">so you really want the eds-dbus in 2.27 before branch? I feel it's too late, rather test it longer, no?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, i have tested it for file backend and its quite stable. we are just fixing bugs for the authenticated backends..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">it should be safe to take it in for 2.27</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">we will be able to be more conclusive on it, once jony tests it with exchange</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;seb128&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, trying to land eds-dbus and evo-bonobo-slay in 2.29 and expect 2.30 to be stable would be a fail imho</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, so i will be able to provide more details early next week after jony's work</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">ok ok</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">lets go around the room for collect updates for everyone :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">andre, anything to share ?</span></p>
<p class="action">* {srinidhi} (~srinidhi@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">hi {srinidhi}!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">abharath, updates ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #97974f">&lt;{srinidhi}&gt;</span> <span class="text">hey chen_! :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: been working on the pst importer. so now we support libpst 0.6.41</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">with this update all the distros would have the plugin and makes life easier :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">nice!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">EvaSDK, anything to share ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: and been fixing the snapshots for openSUSE. so they are ready and cooked. should get us good testing now</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">{srinidhi} should be happy to use it :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">jony, updates ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #97974f">&lt;{srinidhi}&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: yeah.. thanks abharath! :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: I meant daily builds :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">{srinidhi}: yup your issues should be fixed now :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, anything to share ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: nothing apart form dbus work. </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">Ya - On the go-evolution.org wiki</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">jony, will get in touch with you after the meeting on the same</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: sure .</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, go on :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">We have a blackout period in Novell till 7 Aug and hence installing of extensions would be an issue</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, i guess considering all the facts we discussed over the e-h list,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">it would be good to move to l.g.o</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, so, is it decided that we are gonna stick with go-evo ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, seems good to me</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #97974f">&lt;{srinidhi}&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_: isn't blackout period only for new procurements?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, As such i see issues in further support also</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, if we are moving to l.g.o , why should we worry about the extensions in go-evo ? /me is confused</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">{srinidhi}, Its applicable for IS&amp;T also</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar: +1 </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, I was thinking that i could get these things done within 2 weeks </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #97974f">&lt;{srinidhi}&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_: yes, blackout period for IS&amp;T means no new procurements, IIRC</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, which things ? installing extensions ? </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_: from the discussions , most of the community is in favour of moving to l.g.o . any reason the content should still be in go-evo.org ? </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, i think we can now conclude that moving to l.g.o will be the good approach to take :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, but if we are gonna migrate to l.g.o. do we need extensions ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">{srinidhi}, Updates not possible</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">+1 for l.g.o . </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, for installing captcha</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, yes. if it is so, why we shoudl worry about installing extensions (or) Novell IS&amp;T blackout ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, and prolly have the historical data need to gnome.org/projects/evolution ..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, chen_ : so the decision to move to l.g.o is final ? </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, i think knirav_ was trying to see if we can get captcha installed to solve the spam issue</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: iirc mbarnes manages gnome.org/projects/evol . (not sure)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, why should we install captha if we are moving to l.g.o ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, you don't need extensions like capta for getting the historical data.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">Im missing somehting </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">jony, right</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, exactly my question :-) </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">jony,&nbsp;&nbsp;ur right</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, I was thinking that there could be a possibility of we maintaining it</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">i say . ditch go-evo and move to l.g.o . redirect the domain go-evo to some page . </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, knirav_ : So,&nbsp;&nbsp;what is the final decision ? we migrate to l.g.o ? </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, Yes </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">l.g.o clearly :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, knirav_ : If so, we should start planning on how to migrate the pages. and not, installing captcha on go-evio ... right ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_: can you type it out. (just for the logs ) </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #539e9e">&lt;andre&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, anybody can change gnome.org/projects/evolution. it's in gnomeweb-wml in git, under "projects.gnome.org" subfolder</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">andre: ah ! nice !!! </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, knirav_ was trying to get things done on go-evolution.org, but it looks like it will take time again and so its better to move to l.g.o</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;abharath&gt;</span> <span class="text">andre: aah nice :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #97974f">&lt;{srinidhi}&gt;</span> <span class="text">andre: oh.. so even patches are welcome? nice! :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #539e9e">&lt;andre&gt;</span> <span class="text">html-hack yourself away ;-)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, oh. IMHO, the decision should be based on popularity, accessibility of admins, single-login-wiki etc etc. than time available to fix.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">lets move on :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">lakhil, updates ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">I leave it to you guys</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, mostly on sle testing and bug triaging in bgo </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, I would like community to decide</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, wait. so, the decision is we mvoe to l.g.o. , can we convey this in hackers ?&nbsp;&nbsp;so we need to plan how to do this next . right ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">decided :) l.g.o . </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar: i guess so .</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, right!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">knirav_, gr8</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_ / knirav_ : can you update the e-h thread ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, srag_ so its decided to go for l.g.o :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #539e9e">&lt;andre&gt;</span> <span class="text">yes, +1 for l.g.o.&nbsp;&nbsp;it looks maintained.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">i guess knirav_ also agrees to it :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #9b519b">&lt;knirav_&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, yes</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">cool.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, updates ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">thanks for clarifying chen_ .... I was confused as to why Novell IS &amp; T blackout period is mentioned at all</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar: me too :) </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, np :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">no updates apart of those lakhil mentioned above about changing my work-character a bit</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">lol</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">psankar, anything to share ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, nope. nothing from my side :-)</span></p>
<p class="action">* chen_ liked the points which psankar mentioned in e-h on the wiki thing :)</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">seb128, anything to share ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4d4d93">&lt;psankar&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, huh. thanks :-) </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;seb128&gt;</span> <span class="text">nothing new no</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, anything to share ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;seb128&gt;</span> <span class="text">we did the 2.27.5 update in ubuntu, seems to work correctly </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">nice!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, just Anjal works.. </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, had sent the list of disk-summary bugs over to you - <a href="http://www.go-evolution.org/Bugzilla_Topics#evolution.5Bdisk-summary.5D">http://www.go-evolution.org/Bugzilla_Topics#evolution.5Bdisk-summary.5D</a></span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">nothing more.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;srag_&gt;</span> <span class="text">ok</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">srag_, prolly wee need discuss over them to fix the critical bugs for 2.28</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">{srinidhi}, anything to share?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #97974f">&lt;{srinidhi}&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_: nope :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">anything else from anyone which needs to be discussed ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, the eds-dbus, is it full eds over dbus or address book "only"? I didn't follow much closely, I'm sorry</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #539e9e">&lt;andre&gt;</span> <span class="text">any date yet for gnome-2-28 branching? (getting a bit nervous seeing the red statistics on the gnome3 page)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, only the address-book part</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">ok, thanks</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">andre, sometime next week once eds-addressbook port is merged</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">andre, jony is working on some bugs right now for the same</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #539e9e">&lt;andre&gt;</span> <span class="text">cool</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">looks like i'm getting into spotlight now :) </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">Lets then meet next week with freezes removed from master which would make mcrha happy :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">jony v.i.p.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;jony&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha: hehe .. i hope not :) </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen_, yeah, definitely, more happy with kb merge</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">See you all next week!</span></p>
<p class="action">* jony (~jjohnny@ecoprobe-dmz.gns.novell.com) has left #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">bye</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;chen_&gt;</span> <span class="text">bye</span></p>
<p class="action">* srag_ (~sragavan@123.238.26.182) has left #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="action">* chen_ copies the logs to send it over to mbarnes</p>
</div>

<div class="generatedby">
<p>Logged by <a href="mailto:pchenthill@novell.com">Chenthill P</a> (chen)</p>
<p>Generated by irclog2html.py 2.5 by <a href="mailto:marius@pov.lt">Marius Gedminas</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://mg.pov.lt/irclog2html/">mg.pov.lt</a>!</p>
</div>

<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->

