May 20 06:01:01 <srag>	hello guys
May 20 06:01:08 <jkerihuel>	hi srag
May 20 06:01:26 <srag>	hey...
May 20 06:01:47 <EvaSDK>	hello everyone
May 20 06:02:01 <srag>	Hello again :-) to everyone
May 20 06:02:05 <chen>	hi srag 
May 20 06:02:35 *	bradh (~bradh@ppp115-205.static.internode.on.net) has joined #evolution-meet
May 20 06:02:39 <srag>	Moblin 2 is announced and congrats to Intel folks, ross and rest of his team  on this great stuff.. 
May 20 06:02:54 <srag>	I just posted more updates on upcoming Anjal on Moblin
May 20 06:03:17 <srag>	Im now very close to a 0.1 for Anjal, which basics of what ever I have
May 20 06:03:37 <srag>	I would be merging evo/eds patches *THIS WEEK*
May 20 06:03:44 <srag>	won't drag longer 
May 20 06:03:49 <abharath>	srag: :) good
May 20 06:04:03 <EvaSDK>	nice
May 20 06:04:29 <EvaSDK>	I was impressed by the screenshots of moblin2 since it was mostly what my previous job was all about doing
May 20 06:04:29 <srag>	we have release 2.26.2 this monday
May 20 06:04:51 <srag>	EvaSDK, oh
May 20 06:05:08 <srag>	lets get around the channel
May 20 06:05:11 <srag>	abharath, anything to share with us ?
May 20 06:05:54 <abharath>	srag: Started on MAPI some time back. Looking into some corruptions.
May 20 06:06:20 <abharath>	Jony wanted to inform all that we would move to 0.8.2 once we fix all issues with our code
May 20 06:06:30 <jkerihuel>	abharath, great to know
May 20 06:06:34 <srag>	jony and abharath are full time on MAPI and rest of us are roaming on stuffs in-and-around evolution
May 20 06:06:45 <srag>	abharath, nice.
May 20 06:07:01 <srag>	abharath, we should inform release-team about this and get this formallhy done
May 20 06:07:09 <abharath>	chen: did I see jony just run past our cubes?
May 20 06:07:18 <andre>	see http://live.gnome.org/TwoPointTwentyseven/ExternalDependencies for guidelines
May 20 06:07:24 <srag>	andre, sure.
May 20 06:07:29 <srag>	andre, anything to share with us ?
May 20 06:07:31 <EvaSDK>	wrt to that page
May 20 06:07:38 <EvaSDK>	what's on the glade to gtkbuilder front ?
May 20 06:07:41 <andre>	no. just slacking. but congrats for anjal.
May 20 06:07:42 <EvaSDK>	up
May 20 06:07:46 <abharath>	srag: yes that's on his todo list. Once we fix those issues, we'll inform all
May 20 06:07:49 <chen>	he had left his mobile, looked exhausted a bit..
May 20 06:08:10 <srag>	:)
May 20 06:08:13 <EvaSDK>	should all submission about UI changes try to also move the bits to GtkBuilder as we go ?
May 20 06:08:16 <srag>	bradh, anything to share with us ?
May 20 06:08:33 <bradh>	srag: nothing, sorry for the late arrival.
May 20 06:08:43 <srag>	andre, thanks
May 20 06:08:47 <abharath>	chen: I was just kidding :)
May 20 06:08:53 <andre>	EvaSDK, glade to gtkbuilder: what's the exact question? libglade has been officially deprecated
May 20 06:08:57 <andre>	EvaSDK, see http://www.gnome.org/~fpeters/299.html for the status overview (libglade column)
May 20 06:09:01 <bradh>	if there were any libmapi issues, please ping me after.
May 20 06:09:09 <srag>	bradh, cool.
May 20 06:09:17 <srag>	chen, anything to share with us ?
May 20 06:09:18 *	ross arrives
May 20 06:09:36 <abharath>	bradh: sure thing
May 20 06:09:42 <chen>	srag, just some packaging and bug fixes. need to start on patch reviews :)
May 20 06:09:46 <EvaSDK>	andre: the question is, if I touch something to fix usability in a dialog, should I also try to migrate that dialog to gtkbuilder if it was previously using libglade if possible ?
May 20 06:10:01 <chen>	srag, nice screen shots for anjal and great work!
May 20 06:10:13 *	chen read the blog this morning
May 20 06:10:20 <andre>	EvaSDK, no idea. i'd prefer to go in one rush for a module, but that's up to each maintainer
May 20 06:10:22 <EvaSDK>	I'll have some time on the train tonight so maybe I'll be finally able to start working on stuff I had on the back of my mind for a while
May 20 06:10:22 <srag>	thx chen 
May 20 06:10:27 <chen>	welcome ross!
May 20 06:10:37 <EvaSDK>	andre: I think that's not possible for evolution
May 20 06:10:46 <EvaSDK>	andre: or rather it sounds really hard to no in one shot
May 20 06:10:51 <EvaSDK>	to go
May 20 06:10:57 *	chen looks to ross for the dbus port :)
May 20 06:11:06 <srag>	chen, lets come to it next :-)
May 20 06:11:07 <ross>	well, now that the beta is out i hope to have the time to do that
May 20 06:11:12 <srag>	EvaSDK, anything would do for me :-)
May 20 06:11:21 <srag>	ross, awesome
May 20 06:11:26 <EvaSDK>	srag: can anybody push a branch ?
May 20 06:11:27 <srag>	EvaSDK, anything to share  with us ?
May 20 06:11:31 <EvaSDK>	nope
May 20 06:11:35 <chen>	ross, thanks!
May 20 06:11:38 <srag>	EvaSDK, branch in the sense?
May 20 06:11:42 <srag>	you want to create one ?
May 20 06:11:52 <srag>	jkerihuel, anything to share with us ?
May 20 06:11:54 <EvaSDK>	git branch for say libglade to gtkbuilder work
May 20 06:12:00 <jkerihuel>	srag: not much this time I'm afraid
May 20 06:12:13 <mcrha>	EvaSDK, why? be brave, do it in master ;)
May 20 06:12:18 <EvaSDK>	since it sounds like a big task and working on it locally doesn't sound reasonable
May 20 06:12:46 <EvaSDK>	mcrha: by big I mean something that probably can't be achieve without breaking stuff for a while :D
May 20 06:12:51 <EvaSDK>	achieved
May 20 06:12:52 <srag>	EvaSDK, feel free to create and push it. git makes branches pretty cheap
May 20 06:13:06 <srag>	mbarnes, anything to share with us ?
May 20 06:13:13 <mbarnes>	squashing some composer bugs, then it's back to kill-bonobo work
May 20 06:13:15 <mcrha>	EvaSDK, I do not see much difference ;)
May 20 06:13:19 <EvaSDK>	srag: ok, noted
May 20 06:13:22 <mbarnes>	I'm torn on what to do about evo-exchange...
May 20 06:13:38 <mbarnes>	I'm very tempted to at least -try- to kill off evo-exchange-storage
May 20 06:14:24 <srag>	mbarnes, hmm
May 20 06:14:34 <srag>	mbarnes, it might be lot more work.
May 20 06:14:55 <mbarnes>	you might be right.  I don't have a good sense of it yet
May 20 06:15:00 <srag>	mbarnes, I like the divide and commit from KB to master. lets go in full stream on it
May 20 06:15:32 <srag>	mbarnes, lets take things one at a time. KB is more prio for us now :-)
May 20 06:15:40 <srag>	mcrha, anything to share with us ?
May 20 06:15:42 <mbarnes>	yeah, there's only so much I can cherry pick before I have to drop a nuke on the code though
May 20 06:15:52 <mcrha>	mostly two bugs only this week, one for missing mails on eex (awaiting abharath) and one about detached instances for CalDAV - still fighting with that, but probably this friday or next monday would be The Day. But will see.
May 20 06:16:10 <srag>	mbarnes, ok :)
May 20 06:16:19 <srag>	mcrha, cool.
May 20 06:16:26 <srag>	ross, anything to share with us ?
May 20 06:16:38 <srag>	ross, congrats again to you and your team :-)
May 20 06:16:41 <ross>	thanks :)
May 20 06:16:52 <ross>	can't wait to integrate anjal into our images
May 20 06:17:07 <ross>	i hope that i'll have the time to merge the dbus branches shortly
May 20 06:17:17 <ross>	then we can have the fun of making evolution compile against it
May 20 06:17:26 <srag>	ross, once we merge, things will be more easier with builds
May 20 06:17:28 <chen>	:)
May 20 06:18:25 <srag>	ross, waiting for the merge.
May 20 06:18:33 <mcrha>	srag, aah, builds, reminded me, what about -no-undefined discussion last week? here or off-meeting?
May 20 06:18:52 <srag>	mcrha, may be in #evolution
May 20 06:18:56 <mcrha>	ok
May 20 06:18:57 <srag>	anything else guys to discuss ?
May 20 06:20:01 <srag>	Bye guys, catch you all next week.

