Nov 11 05:06:20 <chen>	There are couple of things which we would be discussing in the meeting today,
Nov 11 05:06:35 <chen>	1) revised meeting timings
Nov 11 05:06:52 <chen>	2) Frequency and agenda for the meetings
Nov 11 05:07:03 <chen>	Lets start with the 1st..
Nov 11 05:07:55 <chen>	I was just thinking about a good overlap time for EST/IST/CET timezones,
Nov 11 05:08:14 <chen>	would 8-9 pm IST be a good one ?
Nov 11 05:08:26 <mcrha>	3) blockers/bugs to be done
Nov 11 05:08:46 <chen>	which would be 3:30 PM for mcrha and 9:30 am for mbarnes|away (i guess)
Nov 11 05:09:00 <chen>	mcrha, yup, that would come under agenda discussion :)
Nov 11 05:09:12 <mcrha>	fine for me, that time I'm usually working
Nov 11 05:09:21 <lakhil>	chen, i am fine at 9 pm IST 
Nov 11 05:09:23 <chen>	nice
Nov 11 05:09:33 <chen>	jony, abharath ?
Nov 11 05:09:34 <abharath>	works for me too
Nov 11 05:09:59 <chen>	abharath, 8 or 9 ? :)
Nov 11 05:10:21 <mcrha>	8 during winter, 9 during summer :)
Nov 11 05:10:23 <abharath>	9 pm IST
Nov 11 05:10:28 <abharath>	mcrha: :D
Nov 11 05:10:43 <jony>	chen: sounds good . 
Nov 11 05:10:48 <mcrha>	when you make it UTC, then the time shift makes changes
Nov 11 05:10:52 <jony>	(having trouble with wireless)
Nov 11 05:11:18 <chen>	mcrha, lol both remains same here :) not much change in climate during nights :)
Nov 11 05:11:49 <mcrha>	chen, I meant time shift during winter and summer.
Nov 11 05:12:08 <chen>	mcrha, when does the shift happen for u?
Nov 11 05:12:20 <mcrha>	chen, by the way, that doesn't sound much fair for you, in IST, havin it so late
Nov 11 05:12:53 <mcrha>	summer time, winter time, right? it's in the timezone info ;)
Nov 11 05:13:05 <chen>	mcrha, yeah
Nov 11 05:13:24 <chen>	mcrha, not a problem for us, its better to have it late evening than early morning :)
Nov 11 05:13:28 <jony>	chen: i'm fine with anything above 10 pm ist :)
Nov 11 05:13:47 <chen>	jony, cool
Nov 11 05:13:56 <mcrha>	chen, http://www.timeanddate.com/time/dst2009.html
Nov 11 05:13:58 <chen>	so shall we go with 9 pm IST ?
Nov 11 05:14:02 *	chen checks
Nov 11 05:14:11 <jony>	chen: i think mbarnes|away would have to give his opinion .. he wakes up very early for this.
Nov 11 05:14:54 <chen>	jony, had a word with him on monday and he was ok with having it one later than now,
Nov 11 05:15:00 <chen>	which should be 6:00 am for him
Nov 11 05:15:28 <chen>	but since our office shuttles starts after 1 1/2 hours from now,
Nov 11 05:15:41 <jony>	chen: oh oki. 6am is still too early for me :) that too winter time :D 
Nov 11 05:15:43 <chen>	it wont be good for some of us to be in the meeting
Nov 11 05:15:58 <jony>	chen: cool. 
Nov 11 05:16:06 <chen>	so if we get it any time around 7 PM IST it would suit everyone
Nov 11 05:16:39 <mcrha>	7 PM is less than 10 PM for jony :)
Nov 11 05:17:06 <chen>	so meetings at wednesday's  9 PM from next week ok ?
Nov 11 05:17:14 <lakhil>	+1
Nov 11 05:17:24 *	chen just wanted to see the +1's :)
Nov 11 05:17:52 <mcrha>	is it 9+1 or +1 like "yeah"? ;)
Nov 11 05:18:18 <chen>	mcrha, anything that says everyone are fine with it :)
Nov 11 05:18:35 <chen>	jony, abharath knirav ?
Nov 11 05:18:53 <abharath>	chen: +1
Nov 11 05:18:58 <mcrha>	chen, I'm fine, just give the time in UTC
Nov 11 05:19:15 <jony>	chen: sounds good to me :)
Nov 11 05:19:28 <jony>	mcrha: thanks :) 
Nov 11 05:19:30 <chen>	3:30 PM UTC
Nov 11 05:19:52 <chen>	ok done, will announce it in e-h later tonight after having a word with mbarnes|away 
Nov 11 05:20:06 <chen>	moving on with the next,
Nov 11 05:20:15 <mcrha>	mbarnes|away, has a veto right ;)
Nov 11 05:20:30 <chen>	what shall we have as an agenda for weekly meetings ?
Nov 11 05:20:49 <chen>	a bug list from lakhil for the forth coming release would be good,
Nov 11 05:21:26 <chen>	and each one of us can assign bugs from that which we feel is important and discuss on that ?
Nov 11 05:21:44 <chen>	mcrha, what do u think?
Nov 11 05:22:17 <chen>	mcrha, jony, abharath lakhil ?
Nov 11 05:22:17 <mcrha>	some are just important, not by a feeling. But yes, I'm fine with that.
Nov 11 05:22:21 *	lakhil wants to give bug list which will have wish list + critical bugs :)
Nov 11 05:22:39 <abharath>	hehe :)
Nov 11 05:22:56 <lakhil>	because wish list gives opportunity to try out something different :P
Nov 11 05:23:15 <chen>	lakhil, fine with it, lets try it and make changes based on how it goes..
Nov 11 05:23:22 <lakhil>	sure 
Nov 11 05:23:26 <abharath>	I'm sure lakhil just wants to feel like a king ;)
Nov 11 05:23:37 <chen>	mcrha, that would include the blockers and ones critical for the release
Nov 11 05:23:46 <mcrha>	how many of them? giving link to a list of them?
Nov 11 05:23:57 <lakhil>	abharath, i am the one who is serving not ordering ;-)
Nov 11 05:24:02 <abharath>	lakhil: :D
Nov 11 05:24:15 <mcrha>	with a link one might have an overlook what is going on with those, and whether anyone is on them
Nov 11 05:24:24 <chen>	mcrha, yes a link to them and we can go over them and we can assign them to us in the metting itself :)
Nov 11 05:24:39 <lakhil>	mcrha, sure .. i will give link also 
Nov 11 05:24:50 <mcrha>	ok, sounds good
Nov 11 05:25:39 <chen>	so the plan is send the agenda for the meeting with the list of bugs on every monday..
Nov 11 05:26:11 <chen>	and if in case we don have an agenda for a week, we can just meet to have a get together :)
Nov 11 05:26:17 <lakhil>	ah .. bug list should be sent fortnightly 
Nov 11 05:26:25 <chen>	and meeting cancellations will be announced on monday if any
Nov 11 05:26:45 <mcrha>	when you send the list on monday, assign it on wednesday evening, when will you work on that?
Nov 11 05:26:49 <chen>	lakhil, yup fine
Nov 11 05:27:04 <chen>	mcrha, in the next couple of weeks..
Nov 11 05:27:12 <mcrha>	I mean, the critical bugs should be fixed quite quickly...
Nov 11 05:27:39 <chen>	mcrha, ah yeah that would be for a release
Nov 11 05:27:46 <lakhil>	mcrha, yep .. that i share always on irc without waiting for meeting 
Nov 11 05:27:50 <chen>	mcrha, would be good to mention a target milestone in the bug
Nov 11 05:28:05 <mcrha>	hmm, what will happen to the list from two weeks back?
Nov 11 05:28:33 <chen>	mcrha, if any bug is not fixed and,
Nov 11 05:28:50 <chen>	it needs to be, it will obviously remain on the new list as well
Nov 11 05:29:12 <chen>	so anyone who has it assigned to them will be able to answer about the same..
Nov 11 05:29:36 <chen>	mcrha, lakhil should be able to maintain that :)
Nov 11 05:29:39 <mcrha>	so will we endup with a link to the full bugzilla after a year? ;)
Nov 11 05:29:46 <lakhil>	mcrha, lol
Nov 11 05:29:59 <chen>	mcrha, ah not all are blockers/critical ones :D
Nov 11 05:30:11 <chen>	mcrha, prolly we will know how it goes in a month :)
Nov 11 05:30:16 *	lakhil usually moves one without thinking about old bugs :P
Nov 11 05:30:21 <chen>	don need to wait for a year ;)
Nov 11 05:30:59 <chen>	mcrha, is it not ?
Nov 11 05:31:04 <mcrha>	ok, so lakhil will monitor newly added bug reports to eds/evo/eex/ema/gtkhtml and pick critical one to the list a)
Nov 11 05:31:29 <mcrha>	and then there will be a list b) of "nice to have based on users/... preference"
Nov 11 05:31:38 <mcrha>	both will be updated week by week
Nov 11 05:31:54 <mcrha>	(question mark)?
Nov 11 05:31:56 <chen>	lakhil, ?
Nov 11 05:32:30 <lakhil>	chen, mcrha i usually pick up the bugs which are ignored ... like i didn't pick even a single bug from kb regression 
Nov 11 05:32:31 *	chen is keen on the first than the second for begining period :)
Nov 11 05:32:39 <lakhil>	as i thought those are taken care already 
Nov 11 05:32:52 <lakhil>	if you want to pick from all of them .. then i will do the same 
Nov 11 05:33:09 *	mcrha doesn't know what he wants
Nov 11 05:33:22 <abharath>	:D
Nov 11 05:33:35 <chen>	better to have blockers/critical ones for the next releases first
Nov 11 05:33:37 <lakhil>	mcrha, i will catch you on irc as usual :D
Nov 11 05:33:53 <chen>	and once we get started, we can evolve it based on how it goes
Nov 11 05:34:17 <mcrha>	the only thing I noticed is that newly crashers might be relatively easily catch because of newly added changes in the code
Nov 11 05:34:37 <chen>	yup
Nov 11 05:35:08 <mcrha>	ok, so give a word to lakhil now? :)
Nov 11 05:35:31 <chen>	mcrha, on ? :)
Nov 11 05:35:51 <mcrha>	with a demo of bugs he has ready. I suppose he has some :)
Nov 11 05:36:29 <chen>	mcrha, maybe better to go on from next meeting!
Nov 11 05:36:42 <chen>	mcrha, or after the meet on #evolution ? :)
Nov 11 05:37:00 <mcrha>	up to you. I'm here
Nov 11 05:37:01 <lakhil>	one more thing - you people can let me by time to time if i am not picking right bugs ... /me needs feedback :)
Nov 11 05:37:20 *	chen does not want to rush lakhil today
Nov 11 05:37:31 <chen>	lakhil, sure!!
Nov 11 05:37:42 <mcrha>	be sure, lakhil, be sure
Nov 11 05:37:46 <lakhil>	though i have my small list always :P
Nov 11 05:37:47 <chen>	lol
Nov 11 05:38:12 <lakhil>	mcrha, who complains more .. will be given the opportunity to prepare bug list ... /me hides 
Nov 11 05:38:25 <chen>	will summarize these and share in e-h list
Nov 11 05:38:41 <chen>	so that if any users/more devs wants to join, they can
Nov 11 05:38:43 <abharath>	lakhil: :D
Nov 11 05:38:47 *	mcrha gave a little list of semi-known issues already, few days ago on the irc, might call it blockers for 2.30, maybe
Nov 11 05:38:53 <chen>	we might get some more people coming up with bugs, who knows :)
Nov 11 05:39:07 <mcrha>	understood sir (lakhil)
Nov 11 05:39:08 <abharath>	chen: you know ;)
Nov 11 05:39:15 <chen>	abharath, :)
Nov 11 05:39:28 <lakhil>	mcrha, hehe :)
Nov 11 05:40:05 <chen>	starting with my work during last week,
Nov 11 05:40:47 <chen>	was working a bit on imapx, adding multiple namespace support and syncronizing folders - almost complete
Nov 11 05:40:53 <chen>	should be done by today
Nov 11 05:40:59 <mcrha>	chen, last week only? give us an overview since last meeting
Nov 11 05:41:02 <chen>	will get the code committed by tomorrow
Nov 11 05:41:20 <chen>	mcrha, when was the last meeting ? :)
Nov 11 05:41:29 *	chen is forgot :)
Nov 11 05:41:34 <mcrha>	yeah, that's the point :)
Nov 11 05:41:58 <chen>	mcrha, right and thats why we are discussing to have agenda and so :)
Nov 11 05:42:16 <mcrha>	yup, I agree
Nov 11 05:42:17 *	chen did not have much pace for sometime due to some reasons, but overcoming it now
Nov 11 05:42:42 <chen>	abharath, whats going on with mapi?
Nov 11 05:43:44 <abharath>	chen: I'll put up a patch for that libmapi issue. Fix on evo-mapi should do it. Just started with looking into some Free/Busy stuff. would be onto some of Paul Smith's issues and then GAL :d
Nov 11 05:44:02 <chen>	abharath, upstream the fixes..
Nov 11 05:44:19 <abharath>	chen: yeah would do them this week
Nov 11 05:44:24 <chen>	jony, updates?
Nov 11 05:44:28 <chen>	abharath, cool
Nov 11 05:45:10 <chen>	knirav, anything to share?
Nov 11 05:45:23 <chen>	lakhil, updates?
Nov 11 05:45:45 <lakhil>	random testing on master, more stress on mapi testing , bug triaging .. that's all from my side  
Nov 11 05:46:04 <lakhil>	and poking mcrha time to time :P
Nov 11 05:46:05 <jony>	chen: working on events .. would be pushing it to master on monday .. probably would do a screencast on it :)
Nov 11 05:46:12 <chen>	lakhil, nice :)
Nov 11 05:46:26 <chen>	jony, awesome!!
Nov 11 05:46:48 <chen>	mcrha, updates ?
Nov 11 05:46:55 <mcrha>	I probably didn't mention yet, thus doing now: I did commit few of mine pending patches in bugzilla to master, it'll either break something or will help. Will see. I'm attaching patches for review very rarely now, I usually commit right to the sources. You said I can, so I do.
Nov 11 05:47:13 <mcrha>	it's the biggest change in my workflow for few last weeks
Nov 11 05:47:49 <mcrha>	there are still quite many patches to be reviewed, though
Nov 11 05:47:54 <chen>	mcrha, yup a good change too. if u have any doubts on a patch, do attach them review..
Nov 11 05:48:23 <chen>	mcrha, yeah just looking at that, would be good if we can separate out areas between us..
Nov 11 05:48:40 <mcrha>	sure, but as I'm testing it, then it's partially safe to commit
Nov 11 05:49:05 <chen>	understand that there would be some part of code which each one of us might not know well enough to review,
Nov 11 05:49:28 <chen>	but with a small team we just have to take the responsibility there to understand and then review..
Nov 11 05:49:54 <mcrha>	I tried to review few patches, but it's something I didn't growth for enough yet
Nov 11 05:49:57 <chen>	mcrha, so I will let u know the list am picking and we can share the others among each one of us
Nov 11 05:50:19 *	mcrha has a link for pending patches
Nov 11 05:50:27 <chen>	mcrha, so we will clearly have a boundary on who is responsible for what and would help to discuss in the meeting..
Nov 11 05:50:39 <chen>	mcrha, shall we follow this approach ?
Nov 11 05:50:52 <chen>	abharath, jony lakhil ?
Nov 11 05:51:13 <mcrha>	there are only 60 unreviewed at the moment, not bad
Nov 11 05:51:36 <abharath>	chen: okies
Nov 11 05:51:43 <chen>	mcrha, so divide based on components or a list ?
Nov 11 05:52:00 <mcrha>	nope, let me pastebin the link
Nov 11 05:52:05 <lakhil>	chen, I am fine with any approach as well as patch are getting committed in right time 
Nov 11 05:52:15 <lakhil>	s/patch/patches 
Nov 11 05:52:22 <mcrha>	http://pastebin.com/d659ddcd0
Nov 11 05:52:31 *	chen looks at ti
Nov 11 05:53:44 <lakhil>	mcrha, http://tinyurl.com/  it's a good site for making short urls :)
Nov 11 05:53:59 <chen>	mcrha, am looking at having some responsibilities for future too..
Nov 11 05:54:28 <chen>	mcrha, so if we have more patches coming in, we would know where most lie and who to ask for..
Nov 11 05:55:17 <mcrha>	lakhil, yup, I guess the bugzilla itself can also save searches, but I'm not sure how it works
Nov 11 05:55:47 <mcrha>	chen, aren't patches usually random, what users like or not?
Nov 11 05:56:22 <chen>	mcrha, usually only some components get many patches
Nov 11 05:56:52 <chen>	mcrha, prolly we can discuss it over a mail, i can send the trend and we can decide on things,
Nov 11 05:57:08 <chen>	mail would give each one to think a bit..
Nov 11 05:57:18 <chen>	mcrha, ok ?
Nov 11 05:57:31 <mcrha>	I do not know, but from my point of view the best approach would be to kill pending patches quite quickly, and then take care of newly added once in a week or two. I guess not many people are helping with evo code.
Nov 11 05:58:42 <mcrha>	though the above link is showing only unreviewed patches, those reviewed-waiting for clarification, aren't there
Nov 11 05:58:48 <chen>	mcrha, u know at some point we might all ignore it carrying on with coding, god knows. a concept of individual component maintainers was even thought for the same reason i suppose.. ?
Nov 11 05:59:27 <chen>	mcrha, maybe better to take it offline :)
Nov 11 05:59:31 <mcrha>	chen, yup, I understand. Might be good.
Nov 11 06:00:03 <mcrha>	just that long pending patches are most likely obsolete by something else or by code changes, so the initial "cleanup" is sort of crucial
Nov 11 06:00:22 <chen>	mcrha, yup agree
Nov 11 06:00:46 *	mcrha is seeing a clear volunteer for a cleanup ;)
Nov 11 06:00:55 <chen>	mcrha, will send out a mail today looking at the list 
Nov 11 06:01:04 *	chen volunteers
Nov 11 06:01:15 <mcrha>	good. thanks.
Nov 11 06:01:34 <chen>	mcrha, so if I don do it by next week, kick me :)
Nov 11 06:01:59 <chen>	anything else to discuss?
Nov 11 06:01:59 <mcrha>	same as I told lakhil: be sure, chen, be sure :)
Nov 11 06:02:09 <chen>	lol
Nov 11 06:02:23 <mcrha>	no blocker bugs these week then?
Nov 11 06:02:41 <mcrha>	as for example the evo alarm notify doesn't work for me, it crashes
Nov 11 06:02:49 <chen>	lakhil, can u send them over to all of us by mail?
Nov 11 06:02:51 <mcrha>	it's a blocker for sure, as without it people will claim
Nov 11 06:03:04 <chen>	mcrha, what about assigning after lakhil sends?
Nov 11 06:03:07 <lakhil>	chen, sure .. 
Nov 11 06:03:31 <mcrha>	no idea if this exact one is a bug already. Just I noticed and didn't care enough
Nov 11 06:03:49 <lakhil>	mcrha, master or stable ? 
Nov 11 06:04:05 <lakhil>	i haven't seen any bug in bugzilla yet 
Nov 11 06:04:07 <mcrha>	the trouble is that the locking around dbus calls is not helping there
Nov 11 06:04:08 *	chen remembers hearing it as master
Nov 11 06:04:14 <mcrha>	yup, master.
Nov 11 06:04:32 <chen>	mcrha, please file a bug
Nov 11 06:04:42 <chen>	and lakhil can test and add to the list
Nov 11 06:04:57 <mcrha>	and just yesterday I noticed, also on master, starting evolution the second time crashes e-addressbook-factory somewhere in gconf, but no evo code related, very strange
Nov 11 06:05:10 <mcrha>	ok, I'll do that.
Nov 11 06:05:19 <chen>	mcrha, cool
Nov 11 06:05:41 <mcrha>	I guess that's all. An hour passed so quickly :)
Nov 11 06:05:47 <chen>	mcrha, yeah :)
Nov 11 06:06:07 <chen>	lakhil, send over a mail :)
Nov 11 06:06:26 <lakhil>	chen, i will send in another half an hr 
Nov 11 06:06:27 <chen>	We can again catch up next week with new timings :)
Nov 11 06:06:31 <chen>	lakhil, nice!!
Nov 11 06:06:59 <mcrha>	yup, just ping me before I get used to the new time
Nov 11 06:07:10 <chen>	mcrha, sure!!
Nov 11 06:07:25 <chen>	mcrha, abharath jony lakhil thanks all!!

