Apr 28 17:29:24 <mmeeks>	mcrha: you know Caolan's "call-catcher" ?
Apr 28 17:29:39 <mmeeks>	mcrha: I wonder - has anyone used it to de-louse Evolution ?
Apr 28 17:30:16 <mcrha>	hi mmeeks, I heard about it, but never used it. Ask Matt, he did some such kind of cleanup recently
Apr 28 17:30:33 <mmeeks>	mcrha: when I did the (C) audit, it turned out there were whole unused modules ;-) e-table widgets & the like.
Apr 28 17:31:01 <mcrha>	sure, ETable is whole unused ;)
Apr 28 17:32:23 <chen>	Lets get started in another couple of minutes..
Apr 28 17:32:34 <chen>	just waiting to see if mbarnes can join..
Apr 28 17:35:32 <mmeeks>	mcrha: I was amazed to discover the gtk-label widget we use to render the headings: that was a tad depressing.
Apr 28 17:35:46 *	mmeeks wonders if there is an ETable plan (longer term) - not that it makes a big impact on the UI
Apr 28 17:36:02 *	mmeeks also needs to profile the startup of evo - *much* slower in master than in the bonobo-ified days [ it seems ]
Apr 28 17:36:32 <mcrha>	mmeeks, what do you call much?
Apr 28 17:36:58 <chen>	mcrha, mmeeks, etable vs gtktree long standing debate :)
Apr 28 17:37:10 <mmeeks>	mcrha: well it takes me about five seconds to start with no data, and no I/O
Apr 28 17:37:27 <mcrha>	yeah, last time I tried the gtktree was awfully slow, due to all the events called
Apr 28 17:37:48 <mcrha>	mmeeks, pretty quick, compared with me in the morning ;)
Apr 28 17:38:01 <mmeeks>	mcrha: and it's not as if after five seconds I get everything - I then get an incrementally built display
Apr 28 17:38:04 *	mmeeks hasn't profiled it yet.
Apr 28 17:38:28 <mcrha>	hmm, I do not see anything like that
Apr 28 17:38:28 <chen>	Getting started with the meeting and speaking about the plans,
Apr 28 17:38:33 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning30
Apr 28 17:38:45 <chen>	has the list of items in progress
Apr 28 17:39:10 <chen>	and some items which we have listed for the future,
Apr 28 17:39:10 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/PlanningFuture
Apr 28 17:39:36 <chen>	we discussed and decided that all the items which gets a owner gets into the release planning page..
Apr 28 17:40:04 <chen>	since some of us were still working on downstream issues, would be updating it in a week or so..
Apr 28 17:40:05 <abharath>	neat
Apr 28 17:40:27 <chen>	we just had the 2.30.1 release this week
Apr 28 17:40:39 *	abharath looks on where is mcrha's work on multiple account setup for MAPI
Apr 28 17:41:01 <chen>	we would need to target the two long standing blockers for the next release..
Apr 28 17:41:01 <mcrha>	in master ;)
Apr 28 17:41:13 <abharath>	mcrha: ;) clever :D
Apr 28 17:41:36 <chen>	Thanks a lot of mcrha for moving all the wiki content from go-evolution to lgo :)
Apr 28 17:41:41 <chen>	claps :)
Apr 28 17:41:50 *	lakhil joins 
Apr 28 17:42:02 <chen>	s/of/to
Apr 28 17:42:21 <mcrha>	thanks
Apr 28 17:42:28 <chen>	There are patches getting mounted on to bgo and need some review love :)
Apr 28 17:43:00 <chen>	abharath, and myself would be able to starting getting into review mode from next week with a final rap-up of downstream works..
Apr 28 17:43:22 *	mbarnes (~mbarnes@c-24-147-161-46.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 28 17:43:24 <lakhil>	now a days mcrha is active in patch review as well :-)
Apr 28 17:43:25 <chen>	mcrha, would be great if you can get rid of some during this week.. and u would be already doing it :)
Apr 28 17:43:57 <chen>	mcrha, will get some of ur knocked out from my side too :)
Apr 28 17:44:05 <mcrha>	lakhil,  a day, do not expect more, I'll keep it evenly divided between all ;)
Apr 28 17:44:34 <lakhil>	sure 
Apr 28 17:44:39 <chen>	we have applied for a couple of talks for GUADEC
Apr 28 17:45:07 <chen>	one on evolution from myself and bharath
Apr 28 17:45:19 <chen>	and lakhil giving on bugzilla..
Apr 28 17:45:36 <chen>	lakhil, would be great if you mention the topic
Apr 28 17:45:45 <chen>	not sure if everyone can access the link atm..
Apr 28 17:46:00 <mmeeks>	chen: we should talk on Evo Express.
Apr 28 17:46:07 <mmeeks>	chen: did the talks for GUADEC get approved yet ?
Apr 28 17:46:09 <chen>	abharath, i guess we need to login into the guadec website to view them ?
Apr 28 17:46:17 <chen>	mmeeks, yup :)
Apr 28 17:46:19 <abharath>	chen: yup
Apr 28 17:46:29 <lakhil>	Topic of talk - Bugzilla, Bug squad and gnome 3
Apr 28 17:46:29 *	mmeeks got totally out of sync with that conference and (as normal) is about six months too late ;-)
Apr 28 17:46:41 <abharath>	mmeeks: :D
Apr 28 17:46:44 <chen>	will prolly send the abstracts over the mail..
Apr 28 17:46:53 <chen>	:)
Apr 28 17:47:17 <chen>	mcrha, hope you will  be in GUADEC this time ? :)
Apr 28 17:47:31 <mcrha>	who? what? where?
Apr 28 17:47:33 <chen>	am assuming mbarnes will ? :)
Apr 28 17:47:45 <mbarnes>	chen: hope so.  dunno yet
Apr 28 17:47:45 <chen>	lol same questions :)
Apr 28 17:47:51 <lakhil>	chen, or we can go mcrha's home and bring him with us :)
Apr 28 17:48:01 <chen>	mbarnes, would be great if you turn up :)
Apr 28 17:48:06 <chen>	how about muelli ?
Apr 28 17:48:20 *	mcrha recalls a kidnapping conspiracy from the last year
Apr 28 17:48:26 <abharath>	;)
Apr 28 17:48:30 <lakhil>	hehe
Apr 28 17:48:32 <chen>	mcrha, missing andre atm :)
Apr 28 17:48:40 *	muelli reads backlog
Apr 28 17:48:44 <mcrha>	yeah, The Organizer
Apr 28 17:49:02 <chen>	:)
Apr 28 17:49:26 <chen>	coming back to the future work, we would need to get the dbus issues fixed up
Apr 28 17:49:29 *	andre_ (~andre@g1.blanicka25.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 28 17:49:32 *	muelli will most likely be at GUADEC :)
Apr 28 17:49:57 <muelli>	Hope to see all you guys there :)
Apr 28 17:50:08 <chen>	will need to get that added into 3.0 planning with a name :)
Apr 28 17:50:23 <chen>	andre_, we were just speaking about you :)
Apr 28 17:50:31 <andre_>	only good things, I hope :-P
Apr 28 17:50:35 <muelli>	oh yeah. Evolution tried to use a naming scheme for releases, no?
Apr 28 17:50:47 *	muelli slighlty remembers island names or so...
Apr 28 17:50:58 <chen>	andre_, yeah about consipiracy to kidnap mcrha to GUADEC
Apr 28 17:51:00 <chen>	:)
Apr 28 17:51:18 <mbarnes>	muelli: yeah, I don't think anybody really noticed or cared
Apr 28 17:51:25 <andre_>	heh
Apr 28 17:51:32 <mbarnes>	it was a neat idea though
Apr 28 17:51:54 <chen>	so more work on planning side and getting some items into the 3.0 page..
Apr 28 17:52:23 <chen>	anything to be discussed before we move on with the project updates ?
Apr 28 17:52:31 <chen>	oops
Apr 28 17:52:32 <muelli>	well. I don't really like codenames. They confuse me with the up-to-dateness, i.e. is "foo" newer or older than "bar"...
Apr 28 17:52:35 <chen>	s/project/startus
Apr 28 17:53:02 <chen>	abharath, updates?
Apr 28 17:53:41 <abharath>	chen: some downstream issues. Today reviewed some patches and committed some. nothing else
Apr 28 17:53:55 <chen>	abharath, thanks
Apr 28 17:53:59 <chen>	andre_, anything to share?
Apr 28 17:54:25 <chen>	I have been primarily working on downstreaming issues, will be getting on with all the imapx bugs filed,
Apr 28 17:54:39 <chen>	and the crashers received from mmeeks and srag :)
Apr 28 17:54:54 <andre_>	nope
Apr 28 17:54:56 <chen>	should be able to wrap-up the last-bits and get on with upstream work..
Apr 28 17:55:03 <chen>	jpunit, updates?
Apr 28 17:55:12 <jpunit>	worked on some bugs related to calendar and will work on mapi ..
Apr 28 17:55:26 <chen>	jpunit, cool
Apr 28 17:55:36 <chen>	jonner, anything to share?
Apr 28 17:55:43 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
Apr 28 17:55:54 <chen>	lakhil, updates?
Apr 28 17:55:59 <jonner>	nope
Apr 28 17:56:12 *	dave_largo (~drichard@207.22.154.8) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 28 17:56:17 <chen>	hey dave_largo 
Apr 28 17:56:26 <lakhil>	chen, random testing on master, sanity of mapi 0.30.1 release, sle testing and bug triaging 
Apr 28 17:56:27 <dave_largo>	morn guys
Apr 28 17:56:32 <chen>	dave_largo, we are just going with the status updates :)
Apr 28 17:56:33 <dave_largo>	just back from lunch
Apr 28 17:56:55 <chen>	dave_largo, do you have anything to be discussed or shared ?
Apr 28 17:57:13 <chen>	lakhil, thanks
Apr 28 17:57:26 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Apr 28 17:57:28 <dave_largo>	Tomorrow we will be running the new cache system and test it with a big user load
Apr 28 17:57:32 <mbarnes>	I've been bashing Camel's API to a pulp lately
Apr 28 17:57:33 <mbarnes>	as of this week, Camel is now GObject-based
Apr 28 17:57:33 <mbarnes>	still have more redundant CamelObject features to dismantle before 2.31.1
Apr 28 17:57:33 <mbarnes>	that will complete Phase 1 of my evil plot to make Camel more "gnomey"
Apr 28 17:57:49 <chen>	dave_largo, nice, eager to hear the feed-back :)
Apr 28 17:58:24 <chen>	mbarnes, wow nice :) can lakhil have a go at it before merging it into master?
Apr 28 17:58:41 <dave_largo>	chen, you said that you would merge PDF Dnd too
Apr 28 17:58:52 <mbarnes>	chen: it's already in master.  he's already caught several typos I think I introduced
Apr 28 17:58:55 <chen>	mbarnes, just concerned about the main-loop events that might be involved..
Apr 28 17:59:06 <chen>	mbarnes, ah cool
Apr 28 17:59:24 *	chen had been running stable for sometime now, will need to get to master :)
Apr 28 17:59:40 <mbarnes>	not really doing anything with the main loop just yet
Apr 28 18:00:01 <mbarnes>	next step is kill CamelArg and CamelObject events and use GObject properties and signals
Apr 28 18:00:06 <chen>	dave_largo, yes i would, have to merge my fix into that and look into the comments from mbarnes..
Apr 28 18:00:24 <dave_largo>	chen, right it was deadlocking when you closed with Pepps original patch
Apr 28 18:00:28 <mmeeks>	mbarnes: it was a shame to see (eg. the tree side-bar sizing) bug fixed in express2 but re-implemented for master/gnome-2-30
Apr 28 18:00:30 <chen>	dave_largo, will get on with upstream work from next week, so it should be getting in soon :)
Apr 28 18:00:39 <dave_largo>	But now it's working great
Apr 28 18:00:44 *	mmeeks would like to see express2 merged to master sooner rather than later; is there any problem with repeat merging ?
Apr 28 18:01:13 <chen>	mmeeks, repeat merging ?
Apr 28 18:02:02 <mbarnes>	mmeeks: I think I'll have time to attempt a merge sometime next week, unless someone beats me to it
Apr 28 18:02:18 <lakhil>	:)
Apr 28 18:02:18 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Apr 28 18:02:22 <mcrha>	on a review whole yesterday, as mentioned earlier. The rest is on you. Apart of that trying to break ema as much as I would be able, though lakhil is resisting and keeps firing bugs back towards me
Apr 28 18:02:39 <mbarnes>	chen: speaking of which, I'm gonna be on travel for the next two weeks.  not totally unreachable but less reachable than normal
Apr 28 18:02:48 <chen>	mcrha, :)
Apr 28 18:03:09 <chen>	mbarnes, fine
Apr 28 18:03:22 <mmeeks>	mbarnes: ah great :-) thanks.
Apr 28 18:03:48 <chen>	mmeeks, anything you would like to discuss or share? :)
Apr 28 18:04:13 <chen>	muelli, anything to share?
Apr 28 18:04:29 <muelli>	chen: nope. Thans.
Apr 28 18:04:30 <chen>	vibha, vibha updates?
Apr 28 18:04:52 *	mmeeks is happy with the express2 progress - thanks.
Apr 28 18:04:54 <vibha>	yeah I worked on Issues for draft in mapi and Printing of Contacts
Apr 28 18:05:26 <chen>	mmeeks, :)
Apr 28 18:05:34 <chen>	vibha, thanks
Apr 28 18:05:49 <lakhil>	preference changes will be great for master :)
Apr 28 18:06:51 <chen>	If there is nothing else to be discussed, Next week then :)
Apr 28 18:07:06 <chen>	thanks everyone
