May 19 11:33:42 <chen>	Lets get started then..
May 19 11:33:59 <chen>	To go with the project updates to start with,
May 19 11:34:11 <chen>	2.31.2 release is coming up on may 24. It would be really good if we can remove some of the long standing patches reviewed and off the list and absorb the ones which would be helpful for the release.. Going further abharath would be taking 
May 19 11:34:12 <chen>	the responsibility for reviewing the contacts component patches..
May 19 11:34:57 <chen>	and going with the important announcement now..
May 19 11:35:19 <chen>	am happy to announce that mcrha and abharath have stepped up to take the maintainership for evolution-mapi !! jony would be contributing to evolution mostly in his free time available..
May 19 11:35:38 <chen>	congrats mcrha and abharath :) thanks too!!
May 19 11:35:46 <Fridrich>	congrats
May 19 11:35:48 <mbarnes>	yay!!
May 19 11:36:02 *	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-258-1-117-253.w90-56.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
May 19 11:36:12 <chen>	jony was not able to join us today, but am sure he would for the next meeting..
May 19 11:36:14 <mcrha>	yay yay, right :)
May 19 11:36:15 <liam_>	Congrats... :-)
May 19 11:36:17 <abharath>	Thanks all
May 19 11:36:49 <chen>	going with the guadec update,
May 19 11:37:00 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/GUADEC/2010/Schedule/Main - has the tentative schedule and evolution talk appears on the first day..
May 19 11:37:22 <chen>	so make sure you are there on the first day :)
May 19 11:38:03 <chen>	Have just updated one of the tasks (imap multiple connections)  with an expected milestone to the Evolution 3.0 plan, we would be updating more tasks there by end of this week or early next week with the respective owners for the same..
May 19 11:38:12 <chen>	checkout - http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning30 
May 19 11:38:56 <chen>	we would be tracking this during our meetings to make sure they get in on the expected milestones..
May 19 11:39:25 <chen>	Going further we would have the monthly community meetings every third Wednesday, the next one on June 16h..
May 19 11:39:56 <chen>	we just wanted to have a smaller frequency so that we could share more data and have some agenda set for the meetings..
May 19 11:40:09 *	Fridrich is running to pick the kids
May 19 11:40:14 <chen>	We will put something like http://en.opensuse.org/GNOME/Meetings/ on the meeting times and agendas hence forth..
May 19 11:40:59 <abharath>	hmmm ok
May 19 11:41:03 <chen>	so thats what is going on and if anyone has any queries go on..
May 19 11:41:14 <chen>	before we start on the status updates..
May 19 11:41:35 <chen>	to update from my side,
May 19 11:42:14 <chen>	have been primarily involved in gathering all the requirements for evolution 3.0 and getting a buy in from the management for allocating resources on them..
May 19 11:42:40 <chen>	we have finalized on the tasks and would be updating the planning wiki by early next week with the assigned owners..
May 19 11:43:00 <chen>	have started on implementing multiple connections for imap..
May 19 11:43:10 <chen>	thats it from my side.
May 19 11:43:12 <chen>	abharath, updates?
May 19 11:43:27 <abharath>	chen: last week been working majorly on FreeBusy for MAPI
May 19 11:43:42 <abharath>	some issues to fix on the openchange side. will be looking at them in more detail
May 19 11:43:45 <chen>	abharath, howz it coming up ?
May 19 11:44:00 <chen>	abharath, would be great if you can update the planning wiki with the information..
May 19 11:44:06 <abharath>	chen: so far good. needs some things fixed on the openchange side
May 19 11:44:22 <chen>	abharath, fine
May 19 11:44:28 <abharath>	chen: and been planning for MAPI. I'll talk with mcrha and update the planning page accordingly
May 19 11:44:36 <chen>	andre, anything to share?
May 19 11:44:40 <andre>	nope
May 19 11:44:45 <chen>	abharath, that would be great!!
May 19 11:44:53 <chen>	Fridrich, are you back ? :)
May 19 11:45:06 <chen>	hggdh, anything to share?
May 19 11:45:23 <abharath>	chen: his kids wouldn't allow him to be back this early ;)
May 19 11:45:46 <chen>	abharath, yeah i see it :)
May 19 11:45:55 <chen>	jjardon, anything to share?
May 19 11:46:12 <chen>	jonner, anything to share?
May 19 11:46:19 <chen>	jpunit, updates?
May 19 11:46:31 <hggdh>	evo 2.30 has already been added to Maverick (Ubuntu+1)
May 19 11:46:48 <chen>	hggdh, wow nice :)
May 19 11:46:58 <chen>	hggdh, howz the response from the users ?
May 19 11:47:18 <jpunit>	chen: Working on Public Calendar/Addressbook folder subscription for mapi 
May 19 11:47:31 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
May 19 11:47:43 <chen>	jpunit, cool..
May 19 11:47:48 <hggdh>	it is brand new there, and we are just starting the cycle. I would expect most crazy testers to wait at least another 3 weeks before taking the plunge to Maverick
May 19 11:48:07 <chen>	jpunit, i hope you can update the planning page later co-ordinating with abharath and mcrha 
May 19 11:48:35 <chen>	hggdh, prolly then we would know something during our next meeting :)
May 19 11:48:43 <chen>	liam_, anything to share?
May 19 11:48:46 <jjardon>	hggdh, nice, less deprecated dependencies on Ubuntu
May 19 11:49:10 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
May 19 11:49:12 <mbarnes>	posted a status update about my Camel API upgrades and plans going forward
May 19 11:49:12 <mbarnes>	http://mail.gnome.org/archives/evolution-hackers/2010-May/msg00000.html
May 19 11:49:12 <mbarnes>	otherwise, just trying to catch up on bugs after a two week vacation
May 19 11:49:30 <jpunit>	chen: yes I will do so 
May 19 11:49:58 <chen>	mbarnes, nice!! would be great if we can get some of the mailer patches on bugzilla for 2.31.2 release..
May 19 11:50:06 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
May 19 11:50:33 <chen>	mbarnes, just wondering who would be the best person for the patches on accessibility..
May 19 11:50:43 <mcrha>	from the last things, just searching in subscription dialog and preview before import from command line
May 19 11:50:45 <chen>	they have been lying there for quite sometime
May 19 11:50:46 <liam_>	hm, I'm currently working in free-time on foocanvas... However, as I don't have much knowledge, it takes for me much time. First steps are done: libart_lgpl is killed off, and currently trying to do the rest... the basic e-canvas / e-text stuff in my private repository is already fixed, left to do are events and calendar 
May 19 11:50:59 <mcrha>	apart of that on mapi, some crashers, some semi-random bugs
May 19 11:51:27 <chen>	liam_, thats simply awesome!!
May 19 11:51:50 <chen>	liam_, plz let us know if you need help in any of those..
May 19 11:52:06 <mbarnes>	chen: hmm, I have no idea.  maybe we could post a call for help on gnome-accessibility-devel
May 19 11:52:08 <chen>	mcrha, cool
May 19 11:52:16 <mcrha>	one crsher is strange, in the em_snoop_mime_type, mostly on debian, if I can tell, they reported that --enable-large filecrashes for them, but I couldn't reproduce it myself. The proposed patch doesn't make much sense, and valgrind didn't show much. would be good to have someone look on it
May 19 11:52:27 *	mcrha is looking for a bug number
May 19 11:52:35 <chen>	mbarnes, sure thats a good idea
May 19 11:52:44 <liam_>	I think I'll sync up with foocanvas branch on the weekend... Then maybe someone can take a look at it
May 19 11:53:00 <chen>	liam_, sure
May 19 11:53:00 <mcrha>	https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=612082
May 19 11:53:06 *	chen looks at the bug
May 19 11:53:08 <mbarnes>	liam_: let me know when you sync and I can review it
May 19 11:53:19 <mcrha>	chen, I also started with reviews, even before you mentioned it here.
May 19 11:53:25 <chen>	muelli, any updates?
May 19 11:53:39 <chen>	mcrha, nice :)
May 19 11:53:57 <mcrha>	and I endup with "sha1 only as signature" bug, where patches were strange, so I'm creating mine version right now. near the finish, at the moment
May 19 11:53:58 <muelli>	chen: nope
May 19 11:54:00 <chen>	rodrigo, anything to share?
May 19 11:54:20 <mcrha>	and that's all from my side, looking forward on abharath ;)
May 19 11:54:23 <chen>	mcrha, will go through it after the meeting..
May 19 11:54:43 <chen>	mcrha, abharath would be great if you both can apply for the shell account
May 19 11:54:57 <abharath>	chen: sure I will soon
May 19 11:54:58 <mcrha>	right
May 19 11:54:59 <chen>	seb128, anything to share?
May 19 11:55:04 <abharath>	mcrha: and waiting for?
May 19 11:55:16 <seb128>	not really out of that the new evolution version is in ubuntu now as hggdh said before
May 19 11:55:29 <mcrha>	abharath, just "a little" chat with you, as you also mentioned earlier
May 19 11:55:36 <rodrigo>	chen, no, just interested about what's going on because of my work on evolution-couchdb, so maybe you want an update on it?
May 19 11:55:39 <chen>	seb128, fine
May 19 11:55:39 <abharath>	mcrha: hehe ok :)
May 19 11:56:02 <chen>	rodrigo, sure, why not :)
May 19 11:56:13 <mbarnes>	rodrigo: I'm interested
May 19 11:56:13 <chen>	vibs, updates?
May 19 11:56:42 <rodrigo>	chen, ok then: it's now "ported" to evo 2.30 and beyond (didn't support it for last Ubuntu cycle because they didn't move to evo 2.30)
May 19 11:56:48 *	dave_largo (~drichard@207.22.154.8) has joined #evolution-meet
May 19 11:56:56 <chen>	hey dave_largo
May 19 11:56:59 <rodrigo>	and a student is adding support for tasks and calendars, which should be merged soon
May 19 11:57:00 <vibs>	chen: yeah ... Fixed most of the issues in Printing of Contacts and fixed up some of the issues in groupwise
May 19 11:57:19 <Fridrich>	chen: I am back
May 19 11:57:31 <dave_largo>	chen, don't leave until we chat :)
May 19 11:57:35 <chen>	Fridrich, share your updates with us :)
May 19 11:57:43 <chen>	dave_largo, sure :)
May 19 11:57:53 <chen>	dave_largo, anything to share?
May 19 11:58:05 <chen>	rodrigo, thanks!
May 19 11:58:20 <dave_largo>	Just that hopefully the backtraces I'm sending will help the downstream version
May 19 11:58:25 <chen>	vibs, nice
May 19 11:58:31 <Fridrich>	chen: we are stable on windows, we can ship and earn big money
May 19 11:58:41 <chen>	dave_largo, sure, we can discuss on those after the meeting :)
May 19 11:58:42 <Fridrich>	chen: just kidding, but it is doing well
May 19 11:58:53 <chen>	Fridrich, lol
May 19 11:59:24 <chen>	Fridrich, windows builds are living because of you and tml, thanks a lot for the efforts there :)
May 19 11:59:37 <Fridrich>	chen: there are some things
May 19 12:00:02 <chen>	anything else from anyone?
May 19 12:00:08 <Fridrich>	chen: a bit fragile dbus and only master works
May 19 12:00:16 *	dave_largo just checked for Evolution Express for iPhone (tm) on the App store.
May 19 12:00:37 <chen>	Fridrich, yup, we will be starting to work on the dbus issues from next week
May 19 12:00:44 <Fridrich>	chen: an annoying bug in gio that prevents us from opening external uris
May 19 12:00:54 <mbarnes>	dave_largo: yeah, that'll be the day
May 19 12:00:57 <chen>	Fridrich, will update the planning wiki with more information next week..
May 19 12:01:00 <Fridrich>	ok
May 19 12:01:03 <dave_largo>	:P
May 19 12:01:17 <Fridrich>	but apart that, if the speed improves, evo can be used as mail client 
May 19 12:01:33 <Fridrich>	chen: the integration is half-cooked but working
May 19 12:01:37 <chen>	Fridrich, speed with?
May 19 12:01:47 <chen>	Fridrich, you mean eds-dbus?
May 19 12:01:50 <Fridrich>	chen: evo is not the fastest app on windows
May 19 12:01:59 <chen>	ah ok
May 19 12:02:07 <Fridrich>	chen: it takes some time to come up compared to thunderbird
May 19 12:02:36 <chen>	Fridrich, heard that mmeeks was working on improving startup speed for evolution
May 19 12:02:59 <chen>	Fridrich, we would get more updates if we could catch you with him..
May 19 12:03:02 *	mbarnes is curious what's taking so long on startup
May 19 12:03:13 <Fridrich>	mbarnes: spawn stuff
May 19 12:03:29 <Fridrich>	mbarnes: gconfd-2 dbus-daemon, and so on
May 19 12:03:34 <Fridrich>	I guess some timeouts
May 19 12:03:48 <mbarnes>	I see, stuff that would ordinarily be running already
May 19 12:04:31 <abharath>	Fridrich: so if you quit, then the second start would be faster I guess?
May 19 12:05:00 <abharath>	ofcourse not killing all the processes ;)
May 19 12:05:16 <Fridrich>	mbarnes: but still having enough non-working things to fix before this speed is on my list
May 19 12:05:29 <Fridrich>	abharath: kind of
May 19 12:05:51 <Fridrich>	abharath: but these are wild guesses I don't have hard data
May 19 12:06:12 <dave_largo>	abharath: Maybe you can meet with chen and I when we are done here
May 19 12:06:13 <abharath>	Fridrich: I have seen them, so I know that's the case :)
May 19 12:06:13 <chen>	Fridrich, is it just slow on windows ?
May 19 12:06:57 <chen>	Fridrich, wondering if it would be related to what michael was pointing as he does not use windows builds..
May 19 12:07:12 <dave_largo>	We probably almost simulate the Windows runtime envrionment here, because we start all of those background processes each time they launch Evolution
May 19 12:07:13 *	abharath is scared of dave_largo. This one sounded like a warning ;)
May 19 12:07:41 <Fridrich>	ok, /me bathing kids, that is all from me :)
May 19 12:07:41 <chen>	probably we can discuss further on this later..
May 19 12:07:51 <rodrigo>	and bonobo-activation, or are you not using bonobo for each component anymore?
May 19 12:08:05 <dave_largo>	Fridrich: keyring daemon is optional, I moved the binary to keep it from running here
May 19 12:08:08 <chen>	rodrigo, its killed completely from evolution :)
May 19 12:08:30 <rodrigo>	chen, ah, cool, missed that :) so the components how are they loaded? g_module's?
May 19 12:08:45 <abharath>	so chen, Fridrich also started working on installers for windows on the Build Service. so if all goes well, he'll end up making everyone more lazy and automate the whole process :)
May 19 12:08:46 <chen>	rodrigo, yes gmodules
May 19 12:09:12 <chen>	abharath, a lot better :)
May 19 12:09:18 <dave_largo>	Fridrich: Evolution stores files with passwords if keyring can't be found, might be a little faster
May 19 12:09:23 <mbarnes>	Fridrich: I think the plan for GSettings on Windows is to integrate with the registry, so that will be one less process
May 19 12:10:12 <chen>	dave_largo, mbarnes you need to wait for a while for Fridrich to be back :)
May 19 12:10:30 <chen>	Next meeting on June 16th then, thanks everyone!!
May 19 12:11:00 <chen>	we should get more things knocked by then :)

