Dec 22 10:26:56 <chen>	Lets get started
Dec 22 10:27:25 <chen>	Advanced chirstmas wishes (merry christmas :) ) to all :)
Dec 22 10:28:22 <vibs>	+1
Dec 22 10:28:36 <abharath>	lol lazy vibs :D
Dec 22 10:28:51 <chen>	there are a lot of banners and posters already which i could see in our office :)
Dec 22 10:28:57 <vibs>	abharath: :)
Dec 22 10:29:10 <chen>	i hope there would a bigger celebration in the west!
Dec 22 10:29:20 <chen>	to start with project updates,
Dec 22 10:29:46 <chen>	we have had couple of releases 2.91.3 and 2.91.4
Dec 22 10:30:11 <chen>	and we have evolution now compiling against gtk3 in the gtk3 branch
Dec 22 10:30:38 <chen>	nice work by mbarnes and vibs. thanks to mbarnes for vibs as well :)
Dec 22 10:31:17 <chen>	we are having a good progress on Ews and you could watch http://git.infradead.org/evolution-ews.git/shortlog for the progress
Dec 22 10:31:51 <chen>	we are not ready with a demo as promised, but very near there for a read-only show-case during early january
Dec 22 10:31:57 <dwmw2_gone>	cool
Dec 22 10:32:13 <vibs>	Thanks a lot chen mbarnes mcrha and abharath for the guidedance
Dec 22 10:32:18 <chen>	the basic infrastructure code remains,
Dec 22 10:32:37 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, we have not yet covered the authentication part that you had mentioned during the last meet
Dec 22 10:32:55 <dwmw2_gone>	yeah, that's really a libsoup issue anyway I think
Dec 22 10:33:22 <abharath>	and with latest libsoup even authentication is broken :)
Dec 22 10:33:31 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, yeah and there are some changes happening in libsoup as well
Dec 22 10:33:38 <chen>	abharath, yeah as you pointed..
Dec 22 10:34:08 <abharath>	http://git.gnome.org/browse/libsoup/commit/?id=97bacf3057b7c45c29a6d025c67a6dd588144e05
Dec 22 10:34:23 <chen>	mbarnes, anything to discuss before we proceed to individual updates?
Dec 22 10:34:40 <abharath>	removing the built in support, breaks our 2003 connector as well
Dec 22 10:34:41 <chen>	or from anyone?
Dec 22 10:34:59 *	abharath shuts up
Dec 22 10:35:00 <chen>	vibs, np :)
Dec 22 10:35:29 <mbarnes>	chen: are you okay with waiting until we see an official GTK+ 3.0 release before merging the gtk3 branches?
Dec 22 10:35:31 <chen>	abharath, would be nice if you could send a mail across to danw or mention it in the bug
Dec 22 10:35:47 <abharath>	chen: yes I would :)
Dec 22 10:35:52 <chen>	mbarnes, yes
Dec 22 10:36:02 <mbarnes>	okay cool, that's all I had  :)
Dec 22 10:36:20 <abharath>	mbarnes: wouldn't that be too late? to fix issues later
Dec 22 10:36:27 <chen>	mbarnes, anyways you are already maintaining it in parity with master :)
Dec 22 10:36:44 <chen>	but the concerning part would be the bugs that exist
Dec 22 10:36:52 <abharath>	make it difficult for people to use, and only then they'll fix it :) works for me that way :D
Dec 22 10:36:57 <chen>	heard from akhil that there are a lot of crashers
Dec 22 10:37:44 <chen>	abharath, we would anyway need to do it at some point if gnome 3 is going with it..
Dec 22 10:38:53 <abharath>	chen: sure :) the last time vibs showed me a demo of it, looked like some other mail client :)
Dec 22 10:38:59 <chen>	abharath, better early though it might be a short term pain ? :)
Dec 22 10:39:51 <vibs>	chen: yeah there are lots of issues, I'll be focussing on that
Dec 22 10:40:39 <chen>	abharath, prolly once vibs fixes some crashers, we can start using it
Dec 22 10:40:42 <chen>	and check it out
Dec 22 10:41:03 <chen>	anything else before we move on with individual updates?
Dec 22 10:41:11 <abharath>	vibs: sure. Take the priority from lakhil. He is probably the best person to get you the priority
Dec 22 10:41:20 <chen>	yup
Dec 22 10:41:22 <vibs>	abharath: sure
Dec 22 10:41:38 <chen>	abharath, updates?
Dec 22 10:42:13 <abharath>	chen: mostly on EWS. Just the connection part of it. I'll update the README and wiki
Dec 22 10:42:21 <chen>	abharath, thanks
Dec 22 10:42:25 <abharath>	chen: and foss.in 2010 this year
Dec 22 10:42:26 <chen>	updates from my side,
Dec 22 10:42:52 <chen>	mostly same on ews and some work on customer issues
Dec 22 10:43:03 <chen>	fixed some glitches in maildir migration
Dec 22 10:43:09 <chen>	dave_largo, anything to share?
Dec 22 10:43:29 <chen>	abharath, anything interesting from foss.in ?
Dec 22 10:43:32 <dave_largo>	Nothing really new here.  mcrha merged in the emoticon/image gallery
Dec 22 10:43:42 <abharath>	dave_largo: yes :D
Dec 22 10:43:55 <dave_largo>	I should be able to build a vmplayer in a few weeks and start running the new version against Groupwise
Dec 22 10:44:10 <chen>	dave_largo, yeah :) and /me feels bad that he could not sit on the pdf patch yet again
Dec 22 10:44:11 <dave_largo>	then start nagging vibs :)
Dec 22 10:44:29 <chen>	dave_largo, lol
Dec 22 10:44:34 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, anything to share?
Dec 22 10:44:38 <dave_largo>	We all need to hook up one of these days and talk about Groupwise.
Dec 22 10:44:57 <dave_largo>	abharath, chen, lakhil, vibs and I.
Dec 22 10:45:13 <dwmw2_gone>	chen: nah, done nothing recently
Dec 22 10:45:15 <chen>	dave_largo, we could speak here on community aspects,
Dec 22 10:45:19 <dwmw2_gone>	all MeeGo stuff
Dec 22 10:45:32 <chen>	but for issues on bnc, NTS is the best channel
Dec 22 10:45:35 <abharath>	yeah Meego everywhere on foss.in :)
Dec 22 10:45:40 <dave_largo>	chen: right, but let's have a groupwise meeting sometime after next week, so I can go over my ideas
Dec 22 10:45:44 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, thanks
Dec 22 10:46:20 <chen>	dave_largo, fine
Dec 22 10:46:25 <chen>	jpunit, updates?
Dec 22 10:46:47 <jpunit>	Hi.. working on customer issues on exchange and worked on merging evolution express account setup to evolution
Dec 22 10:47:11 <chen>	jpunit, thanks
Dec 22 10:47:19 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
Dec 22 10:47:24 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Dec 22 10:47:48 <mbarnes>	I've been posting all my updates of late to evo-hackers
Dec 22 10:47:48 <mbarnes>	(see: "Rethinking account management" thread)
Dec 22 10:47:48 <mbarnes>	only updates I have are: so far so good. it's actually working!
Dec 22 10:47:48 <mbarnes>	but I have a long way to go yet
Dec 22 10:47:48 <mbarnes>	targetting 3.1 now, which unfortunately means GConf still for 3.0
Dec 22 10:49:24 <chen>	mbarnes, ah ok. but thats a very nice and big work you have taken up. awesome and no words to pick up :)
Dec 22 10:49:27 <chen>	vibs, updates?
Dec 22 10:49:39 <vibs>	chen: Yeah.... For past one month I was mostly onto gtk3 branch, Making it compilable and fixing bugs on the same... will be continuing the same :),
Dec 22 10:49:49 <vibs>	and working on Some concerns on Name Selector Entry raised by Milan.
Dec 22 10:50:04 <chen>	mbarnes, i have not been able to read through all the mails, but would read sometime and speak with you if i have anything..
Dec 22 10:50:15 <chen>	vibs, nice work :)
Dec 22 10:50:36 <chen>	anything else from anyone?
Dec 22 10:51:18 <chen>	Lets then meet next year :) Merry christmas and wish you all very happy new year!!
Dec 22 10:51:57 <abharath>	Happy Holidays :D
Dec 22 10:52:27 <jpunit>	Merry Christmas :)

