Jan 06 10:44:23 <chen>	hi all 
Jan 06 10:44:33 <chen>	was i offline all this time :( 
Jan 06 10:44:42 <chen>	<chen> hi andre mbarnes jonner mcrha!
Jan 06 10:44:42 <chen>	<chen> wish u a very very happy new year!!
Jan 06 10:44:43 <chen>	<chen> we wont be having much people for the meeting today..
Jan 06 10:44:45 <chen>	<chen> andre, mbarnes mcrha still there ? :)
Jan 06 10:44:47 <chen>	* chen waits :)
Jan 06 10:44:47 <mcrha>	hi, yup
Jan 06 10:44:57 <chen>	was typing all the above thinking i was online :(
Jan 06 10:45:08 <chen>	really sorry for that..
Jan 06 10:45:23 <chen>	lets get started right away :)
Jan 06 10:45:31 <chen>	wish u all a very very happy new year!!
Jan 06 10:45:41 <andre>	you just stole 10min of my precious life! :-P
Jan 06 10:45:44 <andre>	to you too :)
Jan 06 10:45:52 <Muelli>	yeah, Happy New Year :)
Jan 06 10:46:00 <chen>	andre, yeah i realized a bit late  :)
Jan 06 10:46:14 <chen>	jony and lakhil would not be able to join us today..
Jan 06 10:46:30 <chen>	Starting with general project updates..
Jan 06 10:46:38 <chen>	We have the 2.29.5 release coming on Jan 6th,
Jan 06 10:46:59 <chen>	String/ui announce period starts from jan 6th. Please commit all the patches which has string/ui changes before that period.
Jan 06 10:47:09 <jonner>	(here)
Jan 06 10:47:16 <chen>	hey jonner 
Jan 06 10:47:22 <jonner>	hello
Jan 06 10:47:32 <dave_largo>	chen nominated me for being the Wiki dude :)
Jan 06 10:47:49 <chen>	lol yeah :) thanks dave_largo!!
Jan 06 10:48:10 <dave_largo>	I already starting moving some things over, it's going to take a while
Jan 06 10:48:12 <treitter>	(also here)
Jan 06 10:48:13 <dave_largo>	I can't work on it fulltime
Jan 06 10:48:42 <chen>	please update the roadmap page in the wiki for the task updates..
Jan 06 10:49:02 <chen>	dave_largo, we can share it between all of us as it definetly requires some manual work
Jan 06 10:50:02 <dave_largo>	Yeah, I'm not deleting anything from the old pages, just moving over the information slowly
Jan 06 10:50:04 <chen>	we need to re-look at the status of the major tasks and the fix the regression issues due to lot of changes made to call 2.30 a really stable one..
Jan 06 10:50:53 <chen>	will float a mail initiating a discussion so that akhil, jony and abharath also can join..
Jan 06 10:51:08 <chen>	starting with update from my side,
Jan 06 10:51:36 <chen>	primarily working on fetching mails and cleanup things. would be getting the idle support ready by tomorrow and move along with store operations, search and preference options..
Jan 06 10:52:06 <chen>	andre, anything to share?
Jan 06 10:52:26 <chen>	btw we could all share our new year pics :)
Jan 06 10:52:46 <andre>	no
Jan 06 10:52:46 *	chen is sure dave_largo should have had a wonderful time :)
Jan 06 10:52:59 <andre>	my new year pic is here: http://home.arcor.de/ak-47/tmp/vesele-vanoce.jpg
Jan 06 10:53:03 <chen>	dave_largo, anything to share?
Jan 06 10:53:07 <andre>	now everybody back to work.
Jan 06 10:53:27 <chen>	my firefox got stuck
Jan 06 10:53:42 <dave_largo>	Yes, I can get us a good price at Busch Gardens to ride roller coasters...everyone needs to fly down
Jan 06 10:53:47 <chen>	andre, nice :)
Jan 06 10:54:04 <chen>	andre, ur cube mates ? :)
Jan 06 10:54:11 <chen>	jonner, updates?
Jan 06 10:54:15 <andre>	yeah :)
Jan 06 10:54:32 <chen>	dave_largo, anytime :)
Jan 06 10:54:39 <jonner>	I'm working on a fairly major refactor of the mail-mt stuff right now.  will probably need some feedback on my design soon
Jan 06 10:54:47 <dave_largo>	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheikra
Jan 06 10:54:50 <dave_largo>	chen ^
Jan 06 10:54:52 <chen>	cool
Jan 06 10:54:59 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Jan 06 10:55:07 <mbarnes>	just got back from two weeks vacation, so no progress to report
Jan 06 10:55:07 <mbarnes>	my plan for this month is to get serious about kill-bonobo regressions again
Jan 06 10:55:07 <mbarnes>	and, if I can find time, finish and debug the camel-gobject branch for 2.31
Jan 06 10:55:29 <chen>	jonner, we will need to see if all changes need to go into master..
Jan 06 10:55:48 <chen>	if the changes are more, prolly would be better to go with a branch and later merge it with master..
Jan 06 10:55:50 <jonner>	chen, yes, it might not go into master right away to avoid risking regressions
Jan 06 10:56:14 <chen>	mbarnes, yes a right time for bugs :)
Jan 06 10:56:29 <chen>	jonner, cool
Jan 06 10:56:51 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Jan 06 10:56:57 <mcrha>	trying to recover from a vacation, even it passed quickly here. On various things like usually. And also on some internal things.
Jan 06 10:57:00 <chen>	dave_largo, would love to ride in that :)
Jan 06 10:57:35 <chen>	mcrha, yeah those pass too quickly, perhaps even the whole last year :)
Jan 06 10:57:46 <chen>	Muelli, anything to share?
Jan 06 10:57:57 <Muelli>	chen: nope.
Jan 06 10:58:03 <chen>	treitter, updates?
Jan 06 10:58:29 <treitter>	I factored out my libebook and libecal test suite from my gdbus branch so they can be merged in ASAP. The review request is bug #605709. And I'm still waiting on review of my gdbus branch (though we won't be able to merge it until gdbus and gvariant are in GLib).
Jan 06 10:58:31 <Muelli>	well. maybe we should fix the upgrade path.. It's still broken IIRC. i.e. the update path kills itself.
Jan 06 10:58:50 <treitter>	I'm currently working on factoring out common code for the e-addressbook factory and e-calendar factory
Jan 06 10:59:21 <treitter>	it's turned out to be a lot of work and a bit of new code. We'll see if it's worth it as soon as I'm done (should be between today and Friday)
Jan 06 10:59:46 <chen>	treitter, will look through it sometime this week, though i guess srag/ross is also looking at it..
Jan 06 10:59:55 <treitter>	chen: yup
Jan 06 11:00:16 <treitter>	srag should hopefully be looking at it, though I think he may be on vacation
Jan 06 11:00:26 <chen>	treitter, it would be worth getting it into master asap if it fixes the threading issues better,
Jan 06 11:00:44 <chen>	so that we can get rid of the locks put in for working around it..
Jan 06 11:00:48 <treitter>	chen: yeah, the sooner the better
Jan 06 11:00:55 <chen>	yup right
Jan 06 11:00:56 <treitter>	absolutely
Jan 06 11:01:11 <chen>	Muelli, upgrade path?
Jan 06 11:01:19 <chen>	Muelli, have any bug filed?
Jan 06 11:01:20 <Muelli>	chen: https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=600861
Jan 06 11:01:24 <treitter>	I'm also hoping for a review from davidz, since there's a minor issue that prevents us from ripping out dbus-glib entirely
Jan 06 11:01:32 <treitter>	I'll ping him again
Jan 06 11:01:33 *	chen looks at it
Jan 06 11:01:36 <Muelli>	not upgrade. Backup/restore I mean
Jan 06 11:01:44 *	Muelli just got up...
Jan 06 11:02:05 <chen>	Muelli, fine will look over it after the meeting
Jan 06 11:02:17 <chen>	treitter, fine
Jan 06 11:02:48 <chen>	anything else to be discussed ?
Jan 06 11:03:12 <chen>	Next week then at the same time :)
Jan 06 11:03:29 <chen>	hopefully xchat does not cheat me next time ;)
Jan 06 11:03:41 *	lakhil (~lakhil@117.192.28.218) has joined #evolution-meet
Jan 06 11:03:42 <chen>	Thank you everyone!!
Jan 06 11:03:46 <chen>	hey lakhil 
Jan 06 11:03:53 <lakhil>	hi chen 
Jan 06 11:03:59 <lakhil>	meeting over ?
Jan 06 11:04:02 <chen>	lakhil, ur right at the end of the meeting :)
Jan 06 11:04:11 <lakhil>	:-P
Jan 06 11:04:19 <lakhil>	just back from dinner 
Jan 06 11:04:24 <chen>	lakhil, but u can always update us :)
Jan 06 11:04:48 <chen>	lakhil, congrats for being the top bug closer of 2009!!
Jan 06 11:05:03 <lakhil>	bug triaging mostly last week ... learning to build packages :-)
Jan 06 11:05:11 <lakhil>	chen, thanks 
Jan 06 11:05:12 <chen>	wow nice :)
Jan 06 11:06:07 *	andre wonders if he can trick mbarnes again into three days of libgnomecanvas killing for 2.30
Jan 06 11:07:04 *	mbarnes wonders too  ;)
Jan 06 11:07:13 <chen>	:)
Jan 06 11:07:22 <lakhil>	:D
Jan 06 11:07:57 <chen>	lakhil, now the meeting is over :)
Jan 06 11:08:08 <lakhil>	sure
Jan 06 11:09:24 <andre>	treitter: gdbus and gvariant are not yet in GLib?! sigh
Jan 06 11:10:13 *	andre has an ancient post-it here saying "week 36 of 2009" for that :-(
Jan 06 11:10:29 *	chen is now known as chen|brb
Jan 06 11:13:08 <treitter>	andre: not the last time I checked
Jan 06 11:13:12 <andre>	garr
Jan 06 11:13:43 <andre>	glib and gtk are such a... fscking slow area
Jan 06 11:13:47 <treitter>	I had to install the "gsettings" branch of glib, not the gvariant one, since they had slightly different versions of gvariant
Jan 06 11:13:58 <treitter>	and the master branch didn't have it at all, or something
Jan 06 11:14:18 <treitter>	and I had to use the gdbus-standalone repo
Jan 06 11:15:00 <mbarnes>	andre: moreso glib and gobject

