Jun 16 11:29:47 <chen>	Lets get started!!
Jun 16 11:29:55 <chen>	To start with the project updates,
Jun 16 11:30:07 <chen>	we had the 2.31.3 release last week
Jun 16 11:30:27 <chen>	some notable changes over the last month were,
Jun 16 11:30:34 <chen>	non-vfolder trash and junk folders in imap
Jun 16 11:30:42 <chen>	* GSSAPI authentication made to work with imapx
Jun 16 11:31:08 <chen>	* GSEAL related changes..
Jun 16 11:31:16 <chen>	* libgnomecanvas and libart_lgpl embedded into evolution sources.
Jun 16 11:31:27 <chen>	* fixes for the gtk3 issues
Jun 16 11:31:34 *	mcrha|eat is now known as mcrha
Jun 16 11:31:39 <chen>	* SOCKS5 proxy support (merged from express branch)
Jun 16 11:31:46 <chen>	* global view settings for all folders
Jun 16 11:31:59 <chen>	Mapi had some good adds as well,
Jun 16 11:32:10 <chen>	* FreeBusy support
Jun 16 11:32:17 <chen>	* Allow Copy/Move mails with public folders
Jun 16 11:32:24 <chen>	* ssl support in mapi
Jun 16 11:32:35 <chen>	* multipart/appledouble attachment support
Jun 16 11:33:10 <chen>	abharath, mcrha mbarnes please add if i have missed any..
Jun 16 11:33:34 <chen>	Next interesting update is about the hackweek which happened in Novell last week,
Jun 16 11:33:36 <mbarnes>	I dropped our gnome-pilot support yesterday
Jun 16 11:33:43 *	mcrha is just a monkey, abharath knows better
Jun 16 11:33:45 <chen>	mbarnes, thats awesome!!
Jun 16 11:33:54 <abharath>	mcrha: :P
Jun 16 11:33:57 <chen>	mbarnes, ur patch got absorbed in gnome-pilot?
Jun 16 11:34:04 <chen>	lol
Jun 16 11:34:12 <mbarnes>	not yet, but it had to go
Jun 16 11:34:23 <chen>	mbarnes, yup agree
Jun 16 11:34:50 <chen>	many people from other projects worked on some cool features in evo, summarizing some of them,
Jun 16 11:34:57 <chen>	* IM integration - https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=621515
Jun 16 11:35:15 <chen>	* Twitter integration - to provider twitter updates and to sharing interesting mail threads.
Jun 16 11:35:24 <chen>	* Importing filters rules from thunderbird
Jun 16 11:35:39 <chen>	* integrate maps with the event location and with contacts in address-book - https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=621516.
Jun 16 11:35:57 <chen>	am sure there were more people working on, but haven got much information about them..
Jun 16 11:36:17 <chen>	abharath, lakhil vibs please add if you knew any others which were being worked upon..
Jun 16 11:36:34 <abharath>	chen: the awesome windows installer work? ;)
Jun 16 11:36:34 <lakhil>	nope
Jun 16 11:36:44 <chen>	abharath, ah yeah!!
Jun 16 11:37:08 <abharath>	Fridrich has been progressing really great on it
Jun 16 11:37:19 <chen>	abharath, was it about the build-service providing the support for it?
Jun 16 11:37:36 <chen>	i mean providing through bs?
Jun 16 11:38:11 <chen>	i hope there was a discussion on mapi versioning in upstream..
Jun 16 11:38:16 <abharath>	chen: oh no that was there long back. Now separating the installer and making it really easy
Jun 16 11:38:27 <chen>	abharath, mcrha do you guys want to decide on the versioning now?
Jun 16 11:38:44 <chen>	abharath, cool
Jun 16 11:38:49 <abharath>	http://fridrich.blogspot.com/2010/06/hackweek-v-day-1.html
Jun 16 11:38:56 <abharath>	http://fridrich.blogspot.com/2010/05/experimental-evolution-installer-for.html
Jun 16 11:38:58 <chen>	abharath, was about to ask for a link :)
Jun 16 11:39:30 <abharath>	chen: yes the versioning
Jun 16 11:39:40 <chen>	abharath, do you want to change the version to 3.0 or stick on to the current ones?
Jun 16 11:39:57 <abharath>	mcrha agreed that things moved really fast, very fast that we can call it 3.0 now ;)
Jun 16 11:40:06 <abharath>	but I would say lets stick to 1.0
Jun 16 11:40:10 *	mcrha was for 3.0, but lakhil for 1.0
Jun 16 11:40:32 <chen>	mbarnes, what do you suggest ?
Jun 16 11:40:41 <lakhil>	it will be a big jump to 3.0
Jun 16 11:40:52 <lakhil>	so i think 1.0 should be fare
Jun 16 11:40:58 <chen>	yup, not sure if mapi is mature enough to say 3.0..
Jun 16 11:41:16 <mcrha>	my only concern was to not be confused. Maybe once we get mapi bugs down...
Jun 16 11:41:29 <chen>	mcrha, yup agree
Jun 16 11:41:34 <mbarnes>	I'd prefer 3.0 just to keep everything identical, but I don't really care that much
Jun 16 11:41:35 <abharath>	well 3.0 gives us alignment with the releases, and 1.0 makes us go slow on the numbers and fair enough too
Jun 16 11:42:02 <abharath>	mbarnes: +1 I am ok with that too. Not really against 3.0
Jun 16 11:42:31 <chen>	looks like the vote is more for 3.0 then ;)
Jun 16 11:42:35 <mcrha>	ok, so let's have it 3.0 and cut bugs before the release ;)
Jun 16 11:42:49 <chen>	ok lets go with 3.0
Jun 16 11:43:01 <chen>	abharath, AI for you to update the version?
Jun 16 11:43:11 <abharath>	chen: okies
Jun 16 11:43:38 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning30 - has now all the tasks updated with the expected milestone..
Jun 16 11:44:00 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution#Active Patch Reviewers
Jun 16 11:44:20 <chen>	has the names of active reviewers mentioned..
Jun 16 11:44:50 <chen>	please update the page if you feel anything needs to be add/modified..
Jun 16 11:45:27 <chen>	do we need to have a component maintainers list there?
Jun 16 11:45:47 *	chen just removed the component maintainers with empty pages..
Jun 16 11:46:02 <chen>	is it ok or shall we have it?
Jun 16 11:46:21 <chen>	mbarnes, ^^
Jun 16 11:46:49 <chen>	and another reminder,
Jun 16 11:47:01 <chen>	[Reminder] 2.30.2 stable release coming up next week..
Jun 16 11:47:08 <chen>	please make sure all the important patches which do not break the freezes get into the stable release..
Jun 16 11:47:19 <mbarnes>	chen: I don't think we need them.  but we should also keep our MAINTAINERS file synced with it
Jun 16 11:47:38 <chen>	mbarnes, sure will update them..
Jun 16 11:48:02 <chen>	anything to be discussed before we move on with updates from everyone.. ?
Jun 16 11:48:26 <chen>	abharath, updates?
Jun 16 11:48:42 <abharath>	chen: Merged Free/Busy for MAPI, and some change in openchange too
Jun 16 11:48:51 <abharath>	There's one other bug remaining to be fixed in openchange, would look into that next. From the Evolution side everything is done
Jun 16 11:49:13 <abharath>	Also Punit had been working on Public folders support for Esources. I'll fix it up tomorrow and merge it for .4 release
Jun 16 11:49:28 <chen>	abharath, nice, freebusy was need for a long time :)
Jun 16 11:49:33 <abharath>	Our monkey has been fixing a lot of bugs off late. The bug count has gone down from 106 to 61 in approx 2 weeks, which is great news for MAPI
Jun 16 11:49:48 <chen>	abharath, nice!!
Jun 16 11:49:54 <chen>	acewin, anything to share?
Jun 16 11:49:57 <abharath>	So next for me, some bug fixes, and then decide if we need to rewrite MAPI Calendar for 3.0 I'll write some samples for exchange2ical and then we'll decide
Jun 16 11:50:30 <chen>	abharath, sure, maybe better to check if its really necessary...
Jun 16 11:50:53 <chen>	if it helps us fix some important bugs, say with recurrences etc. it should be a good add..
Jun 16 11:51:08 <chen>	abharath, am not sure how far it will help with performance though..
Jun 16 11:51:21 <abharath>	chen: yes. I feel it is better and so does mcrha. Maybe I'll ask someone like Paul for his opinion since he says he has been facing a lot of issues with calendar
Jun 16 11:51:22 <acewin>	chen, nope.  just testing some imapx stuff
Jun 16 11:51:32 <chen>	acewin, thanks!!
Jun 16 11:52:01 <chen>	abharath, sure, would be better to get the specifics before moving on with it..
Jun 16 11:52:19 <chen>	abharath, prolly you can also update the wiki with the data..
Jun 16 11:52:23 <abharath>	But we'll have to move to exchange2ical sooner or later. Moving all the stuff to openchange is what I prefer
Jun 16 11:52:34 <abharath>	when to implement it, I shall let everyone know sooner
Jun 16 11:52:44 *	ostehamster (~ostehamst@0x573bcc0e.henqu2.dynamic.dsl.tele.dk) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 16 11:52:50 <abharath>	chen: wonderful. would do that
Jun 16 11:52:51 <chen>	abharath, the reasons also please in the wiki :)
Jun 16 11:52:55 <chen>	cool
Jun 16 11:53:04 <chen>	updates from my side,
Jun 16 11:53:31 <chen>	some bugs fixes, patch reviews and started on imap multiple connections should be complete within next week..
Jun 16 11:53:38 <chen>	dwmw2, updates?
Jun 16 11:53:53 <dwmw2>	I fixed the locking but I had a bug
Jun 16 11:54:15 <dwmw2>	now looks like http://david.woodhou.se/foo.txt
Jun 16 11:54:17 <chen>	dwmw2, nice fixes for imapx, thanks :)
Jun 16 11:54:33 *	chen checks the link
Jun 16 11:54:37 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
Jun 16 11:54:53 <chen>	lakhil, updates?
Jun 16 11:54:59 *	dave_largo (~drichard@207.22.154.8) has joined #evolution-meet
Jun 16 11:55:06 <dave_largo>	Hey guys, back from lunch
Jun 16 11:55:09 <lakhil>	tarball and sanity of dot releases, mostly on regression testing of mapi bugs which are getting fixed, sanity after express2 branch got merged in master and bug triaging
Jun 16 11:55:17 <dwmw2>	my first attempt was actually removing is->queue.head, which is less useful :)
Jun 16 11:56:15 <chen>	lakhil, thanks!!
Jun 16 11:56:20 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Jun 16 11:56:27 <dwmw2>	um, I think I misunderstood these list macros; this one is broken too :)
Jun 16 11:56:30 <mbarnes>	already covered everything from me: cleanup work, mainly.  downstream stuff has been stealing my time
Jun 16 11:56:39 <dave_largo>	I just wanted to let everyone know that we are going live on 2.28 starting Monday.
Jun 16 11:56:59 <chen>	mbarnes, thats a lot of work :)
Jun 16 11:57:11 <chen>	hey dave_largo 
Jun 16 11:57:20 <chen>	dave_largo, nice nice :)
Jun 16 11:57:32 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Jun 16 11:57:35 <mcrha>	pretty unusual month, I fixed something, with that broke something else, then fixed what I broken, and with that... let's see next week, what will show up. otherwise mostly on MAPI bugs, as abharath mentioned some got closed, but it's just because "cannot reproduce now"
Jun 16 11:57:42 <dave_largo>	We have some crashers and some nagging deadlocks...but it's running well enough to deploy
Jun 16 11:58:01 <chen>	mcrha, nice work on non-vfolder junk+trash!!
Jun 16 11:58:13 <chen>	dave_largo, cool
Jun 16 11:58:18 <chen>	Muelli, anything to share?
Jun 16 11:58:19 <mcrha>	chen, it was just a rework of a year-old pending work
Jun 16 11:58:25 <Muelli>	chen: nope
Jun 16 11:58:51 <mcrha>	chen, and I took design from ema, thus I guess from Jony ;)
Jun 16 11:58:52 <dave_largo>	chen, can you merged Dnd PDF into the community build before the code changes too much?
Jun 16 11:58:58 <chen>	mcrha, someone had to take that up though :) esp since it was requested by many
Jun 16 11:59:10 <chen>	dave_largo, sure, will do that..
Jun 16 11:59:30 <chen>	mcrha, will pass on the appreciations to jony as well :)
Jun 16 11:59:36 <chen>	ostehamster, anything to share?
Jun 16 11:59:37 <dave_largo>	chen, it's very stable and fast and the users LOVE it
Jun 16 11:59:43 <mcrha>	chen, right, list of subscribers was long, maybe as that long as "summary and folder mismatch, even after a sync"
Jun 16 12:00:15 <chen>	mcrha, yeah :)
Jun 16 12:00:22 <chen>	dave_largo, nice to hear that :)
Jun 16 12:00:26 <chen>	vibs, updates?
Jun 16 12:00:39 <dave_largo>	chen, maybe you can give me a quick update after this meeting
Jun 16 12:00:54 <vibs>	yeah ... worked on Importing filters rules from thunderbird, fixed bugs on evolution and groupwise and tried fixing attachment issues in mapi
Jun 16 12:01:02 <chen>	dave_largo, ok :)
Jun 16 12:01:42 <chen>	lakhil, is there a enh. bug already for importing filter rules from tb?
Jun 16 12:02:10 *	mcrha believes it is
Jun 16 12:02:10 <ostehamster>	chen > just corious to now what you was working on. Just upgraded to Ubuntu 10.04 and evo. is very unstable
Jun 16 12:02:37 <chen>	ostehamster, whats the evo version?
Jun 16 12:02:39 <lakhil>	chen, should be .. i will let vibs know the bug id
Jun 16 12:02:47 <chen>	lakhil, fine
Jun 16 12:02:59 <ostehamster>	2.28.3
Jun 16 12:03:01 <chen>	vibs, please upload the patch to the bug once its complete..
Jun 16 12:03:18 <vibs>	chen: sure
Jun 16 12:03:50 <mbarnes>	ostehamster: let's discuss that outside the meeting please.  ubuntu is still shipping an older evo version.
Jun 16 12:03:51 <chen>	ostehamster, can you give us more information on which type of accounts you use in evolution ?
Jun 16 12:04:02 <lakhil>	vibs, https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=559266
Jun 16 12:04:15 *	chen agrees with mbarnes 
Jun 16 12:04:18 <ostehamster>	mbarnes: sure :)
Jun 16 12:05:01 <chen>	that concludes the meeting for today, lets meet next month third wednesday with more updates :)
Jun 16 12:05:17 <chen>	thanks everyone!!

