Apr 07 11:31:31 <chen>	Lets get started and akhil can join us on the way..
Apr 07 11:31:59 <chen>	We just had our evolution 2.30 release which was simply a great moment considering the amount of good changes that has gone into the release..
Apr 07 11:32:21 <chen>	It was a pleasure to see this, http://www.jonobacon.org/2010/04/02/thanks-evolution-developers/ :)
Apr 07 11:32:36 <muelli>	:)
Apr 07 11:32:39 <chen>	i hope mbarnes would have already noticed it :)
Apr 07 11:33:03 <chen>	credits to each one of us for putting in such a great effort which is already making a lot of users happy!!
Apr 07 11:33:33 <chen>	It would be more wonderful once we get the things at http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Art done..
Apr 07 11:34:15 <chen>	We have already listed some of the tasks for future at http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/PlanningFuture and would be taking some of them for 3.0..
Apr 07 11:34:30 <chen>	I guess mbarnes  and mcrha has already started on some tasks for 3.0 release. Please list them in the road-map for 3.0 release..
Apr 07 11:34:48 *	mcrha not yet
Apr 07 11:34:51 <chen>	mbarnes, has the planning page for 3.0 already created ?
Apr 07 11:35:02 <chen>	mcrha, oh ok
Apr 07 11:35:24 <chen>	myself and bharath would start putting in more work from end of this month due to some downstream work atm..
Apr 07 11:35:26 <mcrha>	maybe tomorrow or so, but it's really close
Apr 07 11:35:48 <chen>	though we would be sneaking in some time for review and some fixes for the stable release..
Apr 07 11:35:53 <chen>	mcrha, cool
Apr 07 11:35:59 <mbarnes>	chen: yes.  I was waiting for others to update it before linking to it from the main page
Apr 07 11:36:31 <chen>	mbarnes, cool, would be nice if you update the tasks which are already looking into..
Apr 07 11:36:51 <abharath>	chen: http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning30
Apr 07 11:37:12 <chen>	oh cool :)
Apr 07 11:37:23 <chen>	was just asking on the same :)
Apr 07 11:37:43 <chen>	mbarnes, prolly we can remove the tasks which does not have any owner from there?
Apr 07 11:38:13 <mbarnes>	yeah, will do
Apr 07 11:38:21 <chen>	mbarnes, cool, thanks :)
Apr 07 11:38:56 <chen>	Akhil would provide us some updates on the Bug day if he is able to make it for the meeting..
Apr 07 11:39:35 <chen>	if there is nothing more to be discussed, we can go ahead with status reports..
Apr 07 11:39:50 <abharath>	2 mins brb
Apr 07 11:40:01 <chen>	abharath, ok
Apr 07 11:40:08 <chen>	form my side,
Apr 07 11:40:20 <chen>	had been mostly into the downstream issues,
Apr 07 11:40:38 <chen>	fixing some imap issues stealing some time..
Apr 07 11:40:53 <chen>	andre, anything to share?
Apr 07 11:41:26 <abharath>	ok akhil called up now. He had some issues with the power supply back home
Apr 07 11:41:26 <andre>	no
Apr 07 11:41:27 <chen>	dave_largo, anything to share? hope ur back from lunch.. ;)
Apr 07 11:41:30 <abharath>	chen: http://imagebin.ca/view/uxFvkP.html
Apr 07 11:41:35 <andre>	though I wonder when libgnomecanvas will die ;-)
Apr 07 11:41:38 <chen>	abharath, ah ok
Apr 07 11:41:40 <abharath>	Bug Day statistics ^^^^
Apr 07 11:41:52 <chen>	andre, yup on the list todo :)
Apr 07 11:42:16 <andre>	this is stuff that should happen for .1 to get testing... :-)
Apr 07 11:42:18 <chen>	mbarnes, will integration with annum get rid of libgnomecanvas ?
Apr 07 11:42:26 <abharath>	X-axis is the version, and Y-axis the # of bugs triaged
Apr 07 11:42:46 <chen>	andre, not sure if we would be able to make it to .1 though
Apr 07 11:43:01 *	chen checks the image
Apr 07 11:43:01 <mbarnes>	chen: afaik, annum is reusing our calendar widgets so there's now -two- modules using libgnomecanvas
Apr 07 11:43:26 <chen>	mbarnes, oh then its left to us :)
Apr 07 11:43:57 <mbarnes>	there's a foocanvas branch started already, but it's not a high priority for me right now
Apr 07 11:44:01 *	lakhil (~lakhil@117.192.12.74) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 07 11:44:09 <chen>	mbarnes, ok
Apr 07 11:44:19 <lakhil>	hello !! sorry for the delay
Apr 07 11:44:29 <chen>	mbarnes, yeah i see it in the road-map already :)
Apr 07 11:44:50 <chen>	mbarnes, any milestones which your think of for pushing those in ?
Apr 07 11:44:55 <chen>	hey lakhil 
Apr 07 11:45:07 <chen>	lakhil, abharath just showed us http://imagebin.ca/view/uxFvkP.html
Apr 07 11:45:26 <lakhil>	thanks abharath 
Apr 07 11:45:50 <lakhil>	it's a simple matrix which i measured 
Apr 07 11:45:55 <chen>	mbarnes, prolly it might be good if we can add a section like expected milestone in http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning30
Apr 07 11:46:06 <chen>	to give some progress details ?
Apr 07 11:46:50 <mbarnes>	I can as long as we keep it up-to-date
Apr 07 11:46:54 <chen>	lakhil, nice, do you want to share more details on the same ?
Apr 07 11:47:18 <chen>	mbarnes, sure, we can ensure that the assigned owners keep them updated
Apr 07 11:47:47 <chen>	hggdh, anything to share?
Apr 07 11:47:52 <chen>	abharath, updates ?
Apr 07 11:47:59 <lakhil>	chen, i would like to thank every one for their participation as we were able to triage more than 300 bugs.
Apr 07 11:48:26 <lakhil>	chen, first time in my career i have seen evolution bug count less than gtk+ :-)
Apr 07 11:48:28 <chen>	lakhil, wonderful :) and apologies from my side for not being able to participate :(
Apr 07 11:48:34 <chen>	lol
Apr 07 11:48:39 <abharath>	chen: mostly downstream issues. Back to MAPI by April end
Apr 07 11:48:48 <lakhil>	chen, no probs 
Apr 07 11:48:57 <chen>	abharath, cool
Apr 07 11:49:11 <abharath>	chen: also pushed the initial set of change for FreeBusy support for MAPI. Will merge it soon
Apr 07 11:49:11 <chen>	jonner, anything to share?
Apr 07 11:49:15 <chen>	jpunit, updates?
Apr 07 11:49:29 <chen>	abharath, thats nice, long waited one..
Apr 07 11:49:30 <abharath>	chen: the changes on a branch right now
Apr 07 11:49:42 <chen>	abharath, btw please make sure all the downstream patches are getting upstreamed..
Apr 07 11:49:54 <abharath>	chen: sure thing
Apr 07 11:49:55 <chen>	abharath, ok
Apr 07 11:50:04 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
Apr 07 11:50:05 <jpunit>	Hi I am working on some calendar and mapi specific bugs ..
Apr 07 11:50:24 <chen>	jpunit, fine
Apr 07 11:50:37 <chen>	jpunit, please get the approved patches,
Apr 07 11:50:43 <chen>	committed through anyone of us
Apr 07 11:50:50 <chen>	who has the commit rights
Apr 07 11:50:59 <chen>	lakhil, updates ?
Apr 07 11:51:14 <lakhil>	chen, mostly on internal testing schedule, some upstream patches testing and bug triaging 
Apr 07 11:51:34 <chen>	lakhil, cool, thanks :)
Apr 07 11:51:36 <chen>	liam, anything to share?
Apr 07 11:51:41 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Apr 07 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	camel-gobject progress:
Apr 07 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	I've been scraping off the code cleanup I did on that branch last year and merging it to master, mainly so I can examine important changes in the branch more easily
Apr 07 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	next step is to dump CamelException in favor of GError and get all the issues around that sorted out
Apr 07 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	and then I will convert all Camel classes to GObject and finish the work directly on master
Apr 07 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	with any luck I'll have that much done by 2.31.1
Apr 07 11:52:17 <liam>	nothing from my side... pretty much busy thanks to university, but try to step as often in as I can to take a look. If there's anything, feel free to ping
Apr 07 11:52:36 <chen>	mbarnes, thats just awesome :)
Apr 07 11:52:47 <chen>	mbarnes, btw on camel-gobject,
Apr 07 11:53:05 <liam>	and else... well, trying to get into gtk / evo code, but I think this will take a long time..^^
Apr 07 11:53:17 <chen>	would it be great to have it tested completely before merging it in ?
Apr 07 11:53:39 <chen>	am just sceptical of the glib main-loop events are going to play
Apr 07 11:54:08 <chen>	liam, sure :)
Apr 07 11:54:15 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Apr 07 11:54:25 <abharath>	chen: as long as its within .1 should be ok. but whatever mbarnes is comfortable with
Apr 07 11:54:34 <chen>	muelli, anything to share ?
Apr 07 11:54:37 <mcrha>	tried to cleanup few translation and string bugs; committed pending patches from the freeze time (would be nice if, as part of pre-release steps, one makes sure none "accepted*" patches left. I found some pretty old.) There still left patches for a review, please look at them. Finally I'm trying to copy more pages from oo-evo.org to live.gnome.org; seems about 50 pages left to go through (I do not copy each of them, and it need human intervention too; ma
Apr 07 11:54:38 <mbarnes>	chen: for now I'm just merging things in phases.  merge some changes, fix any issues, rinse, repeat
Apr 07 11:54:45 <muelli>	nope. thanks
Apr 07 11:54:50 <dave_largo>	Back if anyone needs anything.
Apr 07 11:55:00 <chen>	mbarnes, fine with that :)
Apr 07 11:55:20 <hggdh>	I am just returning to Evo ;-) so nothing at the moment
Apr 07 11:55:23 <mbarnes>	chen: but yeah, I will do more extensive testing when I get to the critical stuff.  right now it's all fluff
Apr 07 11:55:25 <lakhil>	chen, when are we planning to merge gdbus changes ?
Apr 07 11:55:26 <chen>	mcrha, sure, will be spending some time on reviews
Apr 07 11:55:37 <chen>	mbarnes, cool
Apr 07 11:55:54 <lakhil>	hggdh, it will good if you can provide evolution 2.30.0 in ppa 
Apr 07 11:55:56 <chen>	lakhil, that will wait until gdbus gets obsorbed in glib
Apr 07 11:56:18 <chen>	lakhil, so michael has already given it a shot and changes are available in a branch
Apr 07 11:56:32 <lakhil>	ok
Apr 07 11:56:43 <chen>	vibha1, updates?
Apr 07 11:56:44 <hggdh>	lakhil: will look into it, but until end of month it will be difficult 
Apr 07 11:57:17 <chen>	mcrha, btw thanks a lot for the wiki migration stuff :)
Apr 07 11:57:20 <lakhil>	hggdh, take you time .. no hurries 
Apr 07 11:57:44 <abharath>	mcrha: I am sure you must already be marking the migrated pages as suggested by mbarnes
Apr 07 11:57:58 <mcrha>	chen: you'll thank me again when you'll see the mess I caused ;)
Apr 07 11:58:04 <abharath>	lol
Apr 07 11:58:12 <lakhil>	haha
Apr 07 11:58:13 <chen>	lol mcrha but then,
Apr 07 11:58:19 <chen>	we will only fix in lgo :)
Apr 07 11:58:24 <vibha1>	Hi I am looking into camel-mapi issues
Apr 07 11:58:25 <chen>	so am not much worried about that :)
Apr 07 11:58:34 <mcrha>	abharath: on the old wiki? I do not edit that pages at all
Apr 07 11:58:37 <chen>	vibha1, fine
Apr 07 11:58:50 <abharath>	mcrha: please do :) no duplicate effort please :)
Apr 07 11:59:06 *	abharath has quit (Excess Flood)
Apr 07 11:59:30 <mcrha>	abharath: they are named same, so you see a duplicate, and, when I will finish with it, then nothing will left anyway
Apr 07 11:59:57 <chen>	mcrha, that summarizes it :)
Apr 07 12:00:04 <jonner>	so as you guys probably figured out, I've unfortunately had a change in assignment, so I'm not currently working on evolution at the moment
Apr 07 12:00:50 <chen>	jonner, hope you would still be sticking around :)
Apr 07 12:00:55 <chen>	with evo :)
Apr 07 12:01:12 <chen>	prolly in some spare time if poss.. 
Apr 07 12:01:32 <jonner>	I'll certainly help out on my own time if anybody wants to pick up the mail-to-eds stuff, but I can't guarantee that I'll have time to work on it.
Apr 07 12:01:52 <chen>	jonner, yup understandable..
Apr 07 12:02:18 <chen>	thats it for today's meeting. Lets catch up next week :)
Apr 07 12:02:32 <chen>	thanks everyone

