Sep 15 11:33:27 <chen>	Lets get started!
Sep 15 11:33:53 <chen>	Starting with project updates,
Sep 15 11:34:09 <chen>	We just had the 2.32.92 release this monday and 2.32.0 release is on Sep 27
Sep 15 11:34:35 <chen>	master branch is void of all freezes and absorbing commits already
Sep 15 11:34:46 <lakhil>	chen, 2.31.92 :)
Sep 15 11:34:53 <chen>	mbarnes had formed the planning page
Sep 15 11:34:59 <chen>	oops sorry :)
Sep 15 11:35:07 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning234 for 2.34 release
Sep 15 11:35:18 <chen>	and i have added some contents there
Sep 15 11:35:39 <chen>	please feel free to add if there is anything more to be included or modified
Sep 15 11:36:00 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/MergeExpress has some features listed from express mode,
Sep 15 11:36:08 <chen>	that has to be merged with the base evolution
Sep 15 11:36:46 <chen>	It also collects some low hanging fruits like good UI changes which could be made,
Sep 15 11:37:08 <chen>	to improve the user experience, please add more of those which would improve the initial user experience
Sep 15 11:37:28 <chen>	though we have many customizations, some of our defaults seems to be bad
Sep 15 11:37:46 <chen>	just picked them up based on some blogs and conversatino with jony 
Sep 15 11:38:10 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/EWS has more detailed plan on what we need,
Sep 15 11:38:32 <chen>	to do for making EWS better 
Sep 15 11:38:51 <chen>	realizing from the learning which we have had  from other providers
Sep 15 11:39:10 <chen>	it would require more api additions which we are yet to mention there
Sep 15 11:39:31 <jony>	chen: would be awesome if we can move to gnome git.
Sep 15 11:39:38 <chen>	All these links above are in the process of construction, please edit them
Sep 15 11:39:40 <mcrha>	will there be the merge of ema and eex (and a new ews) to one product, or is it still opened question?
Sep 15 11:39:47 <chen>	jony, right
Sep 15 11:39:48 <abharath>	jony: +1
Sep 15 11:39:52 <chen>	abharath, do you want to do that?
Sep 15 11:40:08 <abharath>	chen: yup planning on that once I have a little more work pushed in
Sep 15 11:40:14 <chen>	mcrha, do we want to merge them ?
Sep 15 11:40:20 <jony>	mcrha: you mean just keep source code together .. or actually merge ?
Sep 15 11:40:29 <mcrha>	chen, that's about your proposal of evoluton-collab, isn't it?
Sep 15 11:40:35 <chen>	abharath, it can be started parallely isn it?
Sep 15 11:40:50 <abharath>	chen: yeah sure. will initiate that this week
Sep 15 11:40:55 <jony>	abharath: you can push the same history into gnome git.
Sep 15 11:40:58 <chen>	mcrha, need to get a green from everyone on that
Sep 15 11:40:59 <mcrha>	hi jony, yup, just sources in one pack
Sep 15 11:41:11 <chen>	mcrha, it not only includes ex related stuff 
Sep 15 11:41:17 <jony>	mcrha: ah. makes sense .. atleast distro would have lesser packages to build .
Sep 15 11:41:21 <chen>	also kolab and other colloborative providers
Sep 15 11:41:33 <chen>	mcrha, what do you think on that?
Sep 15 11:41:43 <mcrha>	chen, yup, I know, gw and kolab, and... it has some advantages, apart of disadvantages I mentioned couple weeks ago
Sep 15 11:41:47 <chen>	we need to have a concensus between all of us while doing that
Sep 15 11:42:08 <chen>	mcrha, iirc the disadvantage mentioned was,
Sep 15 11:42:22 <jony>	chen: mcrha also we have to think about distributions on this . eg : package upgrades and all that . 
Sep 15 11:42:24 <chen>	that some providers might have to be pruned later due to in-activity ?
Sep 15 11:42:58 <chen>	jony, it would be much more easier if there is one package for all collab-providers for distros also isn it ?
Sep 15 11:43:29 <chen>	mcrha, would be good if you mention the disadvantage once again. sorry am not able to recollect
Sep 15 11:43:35 <jony>	chen: yup. but when we change the name, distros might have trouble upgrading .. 
Sep 15 11:43:47 *	mcrha is not sure of chen's "pruned later" :)
Sep 15 11:43:52 <jony>	chen: we would have to talk to them bit on how and when they want this .. 
Sep 15 11:44:10 <jony>	(just putting a thought. nothing else )
Sep 15 11:44:13 <chen>	mcrha, i don remember, thats the fact. better if you tell it again :)
Sep 15 11:44:23 <chen>	jony, right agree
Sep 15 11:44:39 <mcrha>	chen, I think it was nothing interesting, just some how-to-work with it and within bugzilla, as more components or some special tags per provider there
Sep 15 11:44:42 <mbarnes>	I worry it confuses ownership rights.  not all third-party authors may wish to join the collective
Sep 15 11:44:43 <chen>	jony, even bugzilla might need some change ?
Sep 15 11:44:52 <mbarnes>	and also adds burden on us to keep their code building
Sep 15 11:44:57 <jony>	chen: yup.
Sep 15 11:45:19 <chen>	mbarnes, we could have config options to build ?
Sep 15 11:45:21 <jony>	mbarnes: configure switch would suffice ? 
Sep 15 11:45:57 <mbarnes>	I suppose
Sep 15 11:46:06 *	mcrha recalls chen talking about "keep their code runnig" as an advantage ;)
Sep 15 11:46:15 <abharath>	mcrha: :D
Sep 15 11:46:34 <chen>	mcrha, yes we could compile optionally while do api additions or changes
Sep 15 11:46:51 <chen>	of-course i definetly still see good value in that
Sep 15 11:46:54 *	jony is split on this . couldn't make up his mind.
Sep 15 11:47:15 <mcrha>	we could start slow, like eex + ema + ews + gw. And add only when really sure of the project
Sep 15 11:47:36 <chen>	mcrha, we could let kolab people decide on when they want to merge
Sep 15 11:47:52 <mbarnes>	when or if?  is this opt-in or required?
Sep 15 11:48:03 *	nicoe (~nicoe@apijab1.apinc.org) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 15 11:48:08 <chen>	mcrha, say if the kolab people still contribute, there might be more contributions coming on other areas as well,
Sep 15 11:48:24 <chen>	which is far optimistic and cannot be predicted :)
Sep 15 11:48:49 <chen>	mbarnes, could not get ur question
Sep 15 11:49:01 <mcrha>	chen, do you mean they will be changing also other parts, like eex?
Sep 15 11:49:16 <chen>	mcrha, maybe it can happen
Sep 15 11:49:44 <mcrha>	chen, mbarnes, I would say 'when', because if I recall correctly they have in contract to publish their code in upstream
Sep 15 11:49:47 <chen>	mcrha, through  just a feeling of one community
Sep 15 11:50:18 <mcrha>	chen, you can do it right now too, there is no ACL in gnome's git ;)
Sep 15 11:50:27 <chen>	mcrha, there want their code to be in upstream, atleast from my understanding 
Sep 15 11:50:44 <mbarnes>	chen: I'm asking what if they prefer to keep their project separate?
Sep 15 11:50:49 <chen>	mcrha, we have a some discussion on #evo tomorrow on their sub-classing in imapx
Sep 15 11:50:51 <mcrha>	yup, that's my understanding too
Sep 15 11:50:56 <mbarnes>	cooly, for example, may wish to keep evolution-rss under his own control
Sep 15 11:51:11 <chen>	mbarnes, there more inclined in merging it into our project
Sep 15 11:51:27 <chen>	mbarnes, i can confirm it once again while discussing tomorrow on the query on subclassing
Sep 15 11:51:33 <chen>	and adding extensions to imapx
Sep 15 11:52:08 <chen>	mbarnes, its going to happen at 4:00 pm IST tomorrow
Sep 15 11:52:25 <mbarnes>	hmm.  I'm still -0 on the idea but I won't stand in the way if that's the consensus
Sep 15 11:52:37 <mcrha>	there wouldn't be any force to merge. And I understood chen's proposal for providers supporting all parts of evo, mail/cal/addressbook only
Sep 15 11:52:58 <chen>	mcrha, right
Sep 15 11:53:18 <chen>	mcrha, others like imapx or caldav can stay the way they are
Sep 15 11:53:47 <mcrha>	mbarnes, chen, I'm still not much on the pro-side, I just wanna bring this up, as it's a good time, beginning of hunting season
Sep 15 11:54:32 <mcrha>	yup, those are placed very well ;)
Sep 15 11:54:33 <chen>	shall i inquire on it with packagers as jony suggested ?
Sep 15 11:55:05 <chen>	and then based on that, we can inquire about handling bugzilla, translations etc.
Sep 15 11:55:26 <mcrha>	I would start with a team, maybe through evo hackers, and then bother packagers, if we all agree with good points on the merging
Sep 15 11:55:34 <jony>	chen: bugzilla is minor, imho. you can do bulk changes .
Sep 15 11:55:47 <jony>	chen: send out a mail on evolution-hackers ? 
Sep 15 11:55:58 *	dave_largo (~drichard@207.22.154.8) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 15 11:56:03 <chen>	mcrha, jony ok I will start with that in that case
Sep 15 11:56:10 <chen>	and try to include packagers there as well
Sep 15 11:56:15 <jony>	cool.
Sep 15 11:56:21 <mcrha>	good
Sep 15 11:56:21 <chen>	i just know seb and opensuse packaging team,
Sep 15 11:56:26 <chen>	anyone else to include ?
Sep 15 11:56:30 <chen>	hey dave_largo 
Sep 15 11:56:37 <dave_largo>	chen, please merge PDF drop and drag before the patch is too old :)
Sep 15 11:56:41 *	mcrha hopes chen knows also fedora packages ;)
Sep 15 11:56:49 <jony>	mcrha:  :)
Sep 15 11:57:07 <chen>	dave_largo, ah yes. thanks for remidning. i needs to add to taks list without forgetting now
Sep 15 11:57:20 *	EvaSDK (~eva@nsg93-9-78-225-4-220.fbx.proxad.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 15 11:57:21 <chen>	mcrha, mbarnes or u ? :D
Sep 15 11:57:27 <chen>	or is there anyone else?
Sep 15 11:57:34 <mcrha>	we both ;)
Sep 15 11:57:38 <chen>	:)
Sep 15 11:57:54 <chen>	Moving on,
Sep 15 11:58:04 <chen>	i guess lakhil had some agenda to discuss..
Sep 15 11:58:12 *	chen leaves the floor to lakhil 
Sep 15 11:58:23 <mcrha>	(moving on to lakhil)
Sep 15 11:58:32 *	abharath stares at the floor :D
Sep 15 11:58:38 <chen>	lakhil, around ?
Sep 15 11:58:45 *	jony waits with reverence .. 
Sep 15 11:58:57 <lakhil>	i just want to know the opinion about bug day as we did just after 2.30 release
Sep 15 11:58:58 <chen>	looks like he has taken a break ? :D
Sep 15 11:59:04 <chen>	he's right there :)
Sep 15 11:59:45 <chen>	lakhil, do you want to know specific dates to have which is suitable for everyone ?
Sep 15 12:00:06 *	dave_largo is excited to hear what vibs is working on :D
Sep 15 12:00:17 <chen>	lakhil, maybe you could suggest and we can say yes or no ? :)
Sep 15 12:00:22 <lakhil>	first point - are we all ready for bug day ?
Sep 15 12:00:24 <chen>	dave_largo, :)
Sep 15 12:00:32 <abharath>	dave_largo: ;)
Sep 15 12:00:34 <chen>	lakhil, +1
Sep 15 12:00:47 <jony>	chen: lakhil : hopefully not a wednesday / thursdays. /me has  hectic schedule 
Sep 15 12:00:49 <lakhil>	we can plan in another 15 days once people are ready
Sep 15 12:01:38 <mbarnes>	this month is a good time for me -- downstream work has quieted down for the moment
Sep 15 12:01:51 <mcrha>	ok, sounds good
Sep 15 12:02:11 <jony>	i can pitch in wherever i can .. 
Sep 15 12:02:16 <chen>	lakhil, I guess we have reached a concensus
Sep 15 12:02:35 <chen>	lakhil, do you want to suggest any dates now, while you can make the plan during the mid time?
Sep 15 12:02:38 <lakhil>	i think then we can plan for 1 or 2 day in last week of this month
Sep 15 12:03:13 <chen>	lakhil, 28 or oct 1st ?
Sep 15 12:03:14 <abharath>	lakhil: sounds good
Sep 15 12:03:28 <chen>	skipped the monday :)
Sep 15 12:03:40 <chen>	28 = tuesday, 1st = Friday
Sep 15 12:03:44 <lakhil>	chen, yeah sept 30 - oct 1 if we plan for 2 days
Sep 15 12:04:20 <chen>	are we going with 2 days ?
Sep 15 12:04:21 <lakhil>	till then packages of evolution 2.32.0 may be available in distro
Sep 15 12:04:39 <chen>	right
Sep 15 12:04:59 <lakhil>	chen, last time i felt if we have 2 days, it gives liberty to opt for one day at least
Sep 15 12:05:15 <lakhil>	if there is any last moment work comes up for anyone
Sep 15 12:05:19 <abharath>	yep. whenever people get free, they can chip in
Sep 15 12:05:22 <mcrha>	it wouldn't be bad to have a break between those two days, as it's sometimes boring to read old bug reports.
Sep 15 12:05:30 <abharath>	mcrha: :D
Sep 15 12:05:49 <lakhil>	mcrha, you can fix bugs mean while and then come back for traiging again
Sep 15 12:05:57 <jony>	heh
Sep 15 12:06:07 <mcrha>	oh, is there a different between those two tasks? ;)
Sep 15 12:06:09 <chen>	cool, i think we have reached a concensus here as well :)
Sep 15 12:06:18 <lakhil>	mcrha, problem with two separate days is to keep flow :)
Sep 15 12:06:28 <chen>	2 days spread across while people can take breaks :)
Sep 15 12:06:36 <chen>	with some other work as well
Sep 15 12:06:37 <mbarnes>	mcrha: "sometimes"?  ;)
Sep 15 12:06:51 *	mcrha takes a note about "mouse-click-flow"
Sep 15 12:06:55 <jony>	oh boy! i miss this team already !
Sep 15 12:07:00 <chen>	hehe
Sep 15 12:07:23 <lakhil>	so Sept 30 and Oct 1. sounds good for bug day ?
Sep 15 12:07:31 <abharath>	lakhil: bug days :P
Sep 15 12:07:35 <chen>	+1
Sep 15 12:07:43 <lakhil>	abharath, if you appear for 2 days ;-)
Sep 15 12:07:45 <mcrha>	definitely there might not be much difference, as the result is always the same, beat the gtk and be below it with total opened bugs
Sep 15 12:07:59 <abharath>	lakhil: naa you can take my word, I'll disappear as usual :)
Sep 15 12:07:59 <lakhil>	mcrha, :)
Sep 15 12:08:22 *	mcrha is fine with date
Sep 15 12:08:25 <dave_largo>	chen: lakhil abharath  Email on the way
Sep 15 12:08:27 *	mbarnes to
Sep 15 12:08:30 <mbarnes>	too
Sep 15 12:08:31 *	jony afk - would catch up with logs (off to writing some obj-c)
Sep 15 12:08:43 <chen>	lakhil, and we can then expect the plan during next week ?
Sep 15 12:08:44 <mcrha>	lakhil, just remind me I should pick bugs from other basket those days
Sep 15 12:08:58 <mbarnes>	jony: I'll post the log promptly for a change
Sep 15 12:09:01 <lakhil>	chen, sure
Sep 15 12:09:22 <jony>	mbarnes: thanks ! :)
Sep 15 12:09:24 <lakhil>	mcrha, i will make sure you have maximum bugs :-P
Sep 15 12:09:36 <chen>	Anything else to be discussed from anyone before moving on with individual updates?
Sep 15 12:09:42 <mcrha>	oh, not that way, please not that way, lakhil  ;)
Sep 15 12:09:54 <chen>	hehe
Sep 15 12:10:27 <chen>	starting with update from my side,
Sep 15 12:10:58 <chen>	reviewed and consumed the GSoc patches upstream, it was certanily a risk, agree with mcrha..
Sep 15 12:11:14 <chen>	and some fixes on groupwise calendaring to make it usable
Sep 15 12:11:38 <chen>	will be starting with maildir from tomorrow and then with some imapx fixes
Sep 15 12:11:42 *	jpunit1 has quit (Leaving.)
Sep 15 12:11:49 <chen>	and joining with abharath with a bit if ews
Sep 15 12:11:56 <chen>	thats it from my side
Sep 15 12:12:00 <chen>	abharath, updates?
Sep 15 12:12:38 *	jpunit1 (~novell@59.164.190.199) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 15 12:12:41 <abharath>	Bug fixing for master. Committed all of the downstream bugs to master.
Sep 15 12:12:55 <chen>	abharath, thanks!
Sep 15 12:13:01 <mbarnes>	chen: is this mbox->maildir as the local cache format?
Sep 15 12:13:02 <chen>	dave_largo, anything to share?
Sep 15 12:13:08 <abharath>	The evo-mapi branching done, and still waiting for openchange 0.10 to release. Mcha has made sure the code we have works for 0.9 as well as master. So maybe we can still bump it if it can be done before 2.32 release? No changes to the code needed I suppose.
Sep 15 12:13:10 <chen>	mbarnes, yes
Sep 15 12:13:23 <dave_largo>	I'd like to see all the leaks that you guys plugged ported to SLED 11 if possible
Sep 15 12:13:47 <dave_largo>	So I can do some valgrind work here and not duplicate efforts.
Sep 15 12:13:54 <dave_largo>	we have some users that are really chewing up lots of memory
Sep 15 12:13:56 <chen>	dave_largo, fine, we will port the relevant ones..
Sep 15 12:14:08 <mbarnes>	abharath, mcrha: did the openchange guys ever agree to a 0.9.1 release?
Sep 15 12:14:09 <mcrha>	abharath, not for 2.32, it's too late for distros to include oc 0.10, I believe
Sep 15 12:14:20 <chen>	lakhil, please raise a bug on the same so that its not missed..
Sep 15 12:14:29 <mcrha>	mbarnes, I thought so, but then they decided to do a full release
Sep 15 12:14:39 <mbarnes>	huh.  okay
Sep 15 12:14:42 <lakhil>	chen, ok
Sep 15 12:14:44 <abharath>	mbarnes: yes they did, but we decided to wait for 0.10 which didn't come out on time
Sep 15 12:14:45 <dave_largo>	I'd also like to initiate some ideas for a recurring free/busy search
Sep 15 12:14:53 <dave_largo>	Maybe that now goes to vibs?
Sep 15 12:15:34 <chen>	dave_largo, maybe bugs in bgo or SR's plz :)
Sep 15 12:15:47 <dave_largo>	It's not really a bug, it's anew feature.
Sep 15 12:15:49 <dave_largo>	:)
Sep 15 12:15:51 <chen>	EvaSDK, anything to share?
Sep 15 12:15:55 <dave_largo>	but ok, I'll start it there
Sep 15 12:15:56 <mcrha>	hi dave_largo, I hope you use G_SLICE=always-malloc when valgrinding, do you? you may consider it, as it's better with it.
Sep 15 12:16:24 <dave_largo>	mcrha: I wasn't going to heavily valgrind until my leaks are caught up to the work you guys did
Sep 15 12:16:37 <mbarnes>	makes sense
Sep 15 12:16:43 <chen>	mbarnes, can the dependency version of openchange be bimped now?
Sep 15 12:16:44 <dave_largo>	evolution-data-server seems to leak with Groupwise proxies
Sep 15 12:16:55 <chen>	am not sure
Sep 15 12:17:10 <chen>	jony, anything to share?
Sep 15 12:17:12 <mbarnes>	chen: to... 0.10?
Sep 15 12:17:18 <chen>	mbarnes, yes
Sep 15 12:17:32 <abharath>	openchange meeting logs - http://tracker.openchange.org/projects/openchange/wiki/Meeting_of_2010-07-30
Sep 15 12:17:38 <chen>	mbarnes, say if 0.10 is released
Sep 15 12:17:42 <chen>	before 2.32 release
Sep 15 12:18:04 <chen>	just wondering if there is any restriction or a freeze related to that
Sep 15 12:18:25 <mcrha>	there are PAI changes, and it depends on latest samba4 and frankly, latest samba4 is a disaster
Sep 15 12:18:31 <mcrha>	*API
Sep 15 12:18:32 <chen>	i hope jpunit1 is not there atm
Sep 15 12:18:32 <mbarnes>	chen: I'm pretty sure dependencies would be frozen at this point
Sep 15 12:18:36 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
Sep 15 12:18:57 <jpunit1>	chen: i am .. got disconnected for a while
Sep 15 12:19:11 <chen>	abharath, maybe then you would have to consider for 2.32.1 or something and need to inquire with release team or in the wiki
Sep 15 12:19:25 <chen>	jpunit1, go on with ur updates :)
Sep 15 12:19:39 <jpunit1>	Currently working on some mapi bugs and fixed some GW bugs also ..
Sep 15 12:19:43 <abharath>	chen: okay will ping them on it
Sep 15 12:19:49 <chen>	jpunit1, thanks
Sep 15 12:19:54 <chen>	lakhil, updates?
Sep 15 12:20:21 <lakhil>	sanity of dot releases, tested basic functionality of all major back ends before 2.31.92 release, prepared list of important bugs for 2.32 and shared with team and bug triaging as usual
Sep 15 12:20:37 <chen>	lakhil, thanks
Sep 15 12:20:39 <mcrha>	chen, there are two things of samba4, which are quite bad: a) they change locale to "C" always, thus for example sorting in folder tree changes (I didn't try with localization); b) it has its own krb5 implementation, which has same function names with my system krb5, and they interleave, somehow, which leads to crashes
Sep 15 12:20:42 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Sep 15 12:20:50 <mbarnes>	importer rewrite is about half-way done
Sep 15 12:20:50 <mbarnes>	so far this week I took a break from that and hacked on Camel's API
Sep 15 12:20:50 <mbarnes>	after the importer rewrite is done I'll start in on GSettings
Sep 15 12:21:39 <chen>	mbarnes, nice, i have some doubts with,
Sep 15 12:21:47 <chen>	cameloperation to GCancellable
Sep 15 12:22:08 <chen>	mbarnes, are we improving the handling of cancellation by any way?
Sep 15 12:22:20 <mbarnes>	chen: catch me after the meeting on that
Sep 15 12:22:43 <chen>	mbarnes, sure, will mail you in detail
Sep 15 12:22:46 *	jpunit1 has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))
Sep 15 12:23:01 <chen>	i had a problem with cancelling specific requests from imapx
Sep 15 12:23:09 <chen>	mcrha, ok
Sep 15 12:23:19 *	jpunit1 (~novell@59.164.190.199) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 15 12:23:27 <chen>	mcrha, does updating to 0.10 solve it in any way?
Sep 15 12:23:49 <mcrha>	chen, it's in samba4, not in openchange
Sep 15 12:23:50 <chen>	mcrha, its a naive question, as am not sure if version of samba changes
Sep 15 12:24:04 <chen>	mcrha, ok
Sep 15 12:24:06 <mcrha>	yup, newest openchange depends on samba4 git
Sep 15 12:24:17 <chen>	ah ok
Sep 15 12:24:53 <chen>	mcrha, then it may not be a good choice now to depend on 0.10 before we sort out a solution for those?
Sep 15 12:25:09 <mcrha>	maybe rather before they solve it ;)
Sep 15 12:25:20 <chen>	mcrha, :)
Sep 15 12:25:28 <abharath>	mcrha: :D
Sep 15 12:25:30 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Sep 15 12:25:32 <mcrha>	and it might be that the ews will be in better shape than ema when it'll happen ;)
Sep 15 12:25:38 <mcrha>	updates: couple Dave's memory leak bugs, then few lakhil's critical warnings bugs, which actually discovered some false-positives and some valid bugs too.
Sep 15 12:25:54 <chen>	mcrha, thanks
Sep 15 12:25:59 <chen>	nicoe, anything to share?
Sep 15 12:26:15 <chen>	vibs, updates?
Sep 15 12:26:32 <vibs>	chen: yeah .... 
Sep 15 12:26:36 <vibs>	I worked mostly on groupwise related bugs and Got bugzilla right
Sep 15 12:26:39 *	mcrha is wondering what is vibs working on, as it makes dave_largo so happy
Sep 15 12:26:58 <chen>	vibs, got bugzilla right?
Sep 15 12:27:05 <abharath>	mcrha: no points for guessing ;)
Sep 15 12:27:14 <vibs>	chen: yeah
Sep 15 12:27:25 <chen>	vibs, meaning?
Sep 15 12:27:35 <mcrha>	chen, rights ;)
Sep 15 12:27:40 <chen>	aha
Sep 15 12:27:45 <mcrha>	though I got bugzilla right after few months too ;)
Sep 15 12:27:45 <chen>	:D
Sep 15 12:28:05 <chen>	i thought she corrected something in bugzilla :)
Sep 15 12:28:18 <chen>	what difference between right and rights :)
Sep 15 12:28:33 <chen>	vibs, thanks
Sep 15 12:28:37 <vibs>	chen: sorry for that
Sep 15 12:28:41 <chen>	anything else from anyone ?
Sep 15 12:28:48 <mcrha>	bugzilla is always talking to me in strange words which noone can understand
Sep 15 12:29:17 <chen>	vibs, np :)
Sep 15 12:29:19 <chen>	mcrha, :)
Sep 15 12:30:00 <mcrha>	vibs, didn't tell me what she is working on for dave_largo 
Sep 15 12:30:05 *	jpunit11 (~novell@59.164.190.199) has joined #evolution-meet
Sep 15 12:30:09 <chen>	Lets meet next month then and happy hacking/'shooting bugs' :)

