Mar 23 11:30:33 *	chen tries to convert mcrha's timezone :)
Mar 23 11:30:57 <chen>	but anyways looks like we have a full house and we can get started :)
Mar 23 11:31:05 <abharath>	:)
Mar 23 11:31:16 *	andre_ just slacking, don't ask me questions ;-)
Mar 23 11:31:32 <chen>	we had the 2.91.92 release this monday and its hard-code freeze
Mar 23 11:31:35 <chen>	andre_, fine :)
Mar 23 11:31:51 <chen>	thanks to abharath and mbarnes for handling it!!
Mar 23 11:32:07 <abharath>	chen: all mbarnes :)
Mar 23 11:32:23 <chen>	while i had to do it, had to travel out-of station to places in india where internet connectivity is not so good..
Mar 23 11:32:49 <chen>	mbarnes has branched the code for 3.0 release and the master branch is now free for commits and merges :)
Mar 23 11:33:19 <chen>	We should be getting the groupwise code out of evo+eds right away and getting the package evolution-groupware ready. I hope vibs would be getting this done during before next wednesday..
Mar 23 11:33:33 *	xtian (~chris@port-217-146-132-69.static.qsc.de) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 11:33:39 <xtian>	hi all
Mar 23 11:33:42 <chen>	we have a lots of discussions on this and we just need to get it done :)
Mar 23 11:33:44 <chen>	hey xtian 
Mar 23 11:34:10 <chen>	We have had discussions of lots of new work which would land up in 3.2 release,
Mar 23 11:34:21 <chen>	to summarize them,
Mar 23 11:34:28 <mbarnes>	chen: btw, are we now having meetings on the -fourth- Wed of each month?  the website still says third Wed.
Mar 23 11:34:30 <chen>	+ Rewamping Account management
Mar 23 11:34:59 <chen>	mbarnes, ur right, my bad, myself and abharath were not available last week, while i should have informed that in e-h list
Mar 23 11:35:02 <chen>	missed to do that
Mar 23 11:35:46 <chen>	continuing with the list of items,
Mar 23 11:35:49 <chen>	+ libecal/libebook API changes following GIO style..
Mar 23 11:35:59 <chen>	+ sqlite cache for address-book. Fixing issues in camel folder-summary.
Mar 23 11:36:33 <chen>	+ EDS changes w.r.t getting it ready for using the same for PIM storage for meego
Mar 23 11:36:39 <chen>	+ ews [completion]
Mar 23 11:36:52 <chen>	+ Absorbing UI changes done for meego
Mar 23 11:37:15 <chen>	anything else we had discussed about for 3.2 ?
Mar 23 11:38:00 <chen>	will get them added to planning page..
Mar 23 11:38:16 <chen>	GUADEC talk submission dead-line is march 25, we have one day left for submitting the talks..
Mar 23 11:38:46 <chen>	i hope lakhil, jpunit, abharath and vibs are submitting talks on,
Mar 23 11:39:15 <chen>	ldtp with evo, handling bugzilla and bugzilla squad and ews
Mar 23 11:39:16 <mbarnes>	I was going to give the kolab backend a mention on the planning page, even if it won't be ready by 3.2
Mar 23 11:39:34 <chen>	mbarnes, sure, will add the same
Mar 23 11:39:45 <chen>	mbarnes, submitting talk for guadec ?
Mar 23 11:39:51 <mbarnes>	no
Mar 23 11:40:19 <chen>	mbarnes, i hope you are travelling ? - many guys were looking for you last time, i hope you make this time :)
Mar 23 11:40:25 *	chen might not be travelling this time..
Mar 23 11:40:39 <abharath>	me too. Not sure as yet
Mar 23 11:40:41 <mbarnes>	I don't know... RH gives preference to speakers
Mar 23 11:41:12 <xtian>	mbarnes, chen: yup, we'll most probably be ready with evo-kolab for 3.2 by october. we'll start porting from 2.30 to 3.x by july
Mar 23 11:41:33 <xtian>	*not be ready
Mar 23 11:41:52 <chen>	mbarnes, it would be nice if you could present a talk on the stuffs you are doing and done for evo. am sure it could be turning into many talks..
Mar 23 11:42:35 *	chen wants mbarnes to be there somehow, just my wish :)
Mar 23 11:43:03 *	oberon (~oberon@DSL217-132-177-19.bb.netvision.net.il) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 11:43:04 <chen>	xtian, cool, will open a planning page and you could update the details there..
Mar 23 11:43:08 <chen>	hey oberon 
Mar 23 11:43:33 <chen>	GNOME asia is happening this week in Bangalore and it has been a quite a lot of work for akhil/bharath
Mar 23 11:43:57 <chen>	abharath, lakhil do you want update on the same ?
Mar 23 11:44:27 <abharath>	chen: well its great news :) http://2011.gnome.asia/
Mar 23 11:44:28 <lakhil>	We have GNOME 3.0 hackfest and then conference planned
Mar 23 11:44:44 <abharath>	go ahead lakhil
Mar 23 11:45:14 *	chen waits
Mar 23 11:45:39 <oberon>	hi chen
Mar 23 11:46:08 <chen>	looks like lakhil has a lot to update in a single go ? :)
Mar 23 11:46:10 <lakhil>	we have many GNOME contributors flying to India and we expect a great show, nothing much to add, everything has been updated on website :)
Mar 23 11:46:23 <chen>	lakhil, nice :)
Mar 23 11:46:42 <chen>	anything else to be discussed before we move on to individual updates?
Mar 23 11:47:04 <chen>	Updates from my side,
Mar 23 11:47:25 <oberon>	well, Israel is technically in Asia :-)
Mar 23 11:47:49 <chen>	Working on address-book part on ews and sqlite cache for address-book. had been looking into GAL for ews, but not had any significant break--throughs there ..
Mar 23 11:48:07 <seanius>	what's the issue for GAL on ews?
Mar 23 11:48:09 <chen>	oberon, so book a flight :D
Mar 23 11:48:44 <chen>	seanius, just getting the library ready for parsing the lzx format from the library for parsing the cabinet files..
Mar 23 11:48:52 *	dave_largo (~drichard@rrcs-24-73-120-180.se.biz.rr.com) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 11:49:22 <chen>	seanius, just need to part it out and check if it works fine and able to decompress the same. Will need to write a parser later for converting the OAB data to vcard..
Mar 23 11:49:37 <chen>	seanius, so have not got the first part ready yet...
Mar 23 11:50:03 <chen>	and made one fix in evolution-exchange which is something we uncovered in ews,
Mar 23 11:50:22 <chen>	usage of libsoup AsyncSession which should be always running in a main-thread,
Mar 23 11:50:39 <chen>	this should fix the inconsistencies in the push notifications for evolution-exchange..
Mar 23 11:50:43 <chen>	hey dave_largo 
Mar 23 11:50:48 <dave_largo>	hey guys
Mar 23 11:51:01 <chen>	thats it from my side.
Mar 23 11:51:07 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
Mar 23 11:51:41 <chen>	abharath, updates?
Mar 23 11:51:57 <chen>	dave_largo, anything to share?
Mar 23 11:52:20 <dave_largo>	Not really, just working with you guys on quota issues.
Mar 23 11:52:20 <chen>	jpunit, updates?
Mar 23 11:52:21 <abharath>	chen: nothing much, just been busy with some GNOME.Asia work, and been ill off late
Mar 23 11:52:39 <abharath>	chen: but would have some good things to update in the next meet :)
Mar 23 11:52:42 <chen>	dave_largo, i saw a fix from jpunit this morning for the same :)
Mar 23 11:52:57 <dave_largo>	Intrusive dialogs? 
Mar 23 11:53:04 <chen>	abharath, sure, thanks. great giong with GNOME asia :)
Mar 23 11:53:07 <chen>	dave_largo, yup
Mar 23 11:53:18 <dave_largo>	abharath: I sent you a private message concerning the cache system
Mar 23 11:53:21 <chen>	jpunit, updates?
Mar 23 11:53:40 <jpunit>	Hi .. I am working on mainly on customer issues 
Mar 23 11:53:56 <chen>	jpunit, thanks :)
Mar 23 11:53:59 <chen>	lakhil, updates?
Mar 23 11:53:59 *	dave_largo is a customer :)
Mar 23 11:54:14 <chen>	lol
Mar 23 11:54:14 <jpunit>	dave_largo: yeah I know :)
Mar 23 11:54:23 <lakhil>	chen, sanity of dot releases, updated Evolution related features on release-note wiki page and bugzilla love, nothing much
Mar 23 11:54:38 <chen>	lakhil, nice!!
Mar 23 11:54:42 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Mar 23 11:54:44 <jpunit>	but I am working on exchange backend mainly
Mar 23 11:54:58 <mbarnes>	I worked out on paper over the weekend what the key files for mail accounts should look like
Mar 23 11:54:58 <mbarnes>	I'm borrowing Thunderbird's concept of keeping accounts, identities and transports orthogonal
Mar 23 11:54:58 <mbarnes>	so we'll have that flexibility in the file format at least, to take advantage of down the road
Mar 23 11:54:58 <mbarnes>	I'll post further details on evo-hackers soon
Mar 23 11:54:58 <mbarnes>	otherwise, just busy with release duties
Mar 23 11:55:30 <chen>	mbarnes, sure, that would be great!!
Mar 23 11:55:35 <abharath>	dave_largo: sure I'll check it
Mar 23 11:55:36 <chen>	mbarnes, thanks!!
Mar 23 11:55:42 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Mar 23 11:55:56 <dave_largo>	vibs said she is working on the weekends now to solve our issues, nice. :)
Mar 23 11:56:19 <chen>	dave_largo, thats nice :)
Mar 23 11:56:22 <mcrha>	fixed few bugs before code freeze (during the last month), now on API hcanges for ECal/EBook, seems to be a monkey job, aka fun
Mar 23 11:56:48 <chen>	mcrha, hehe. that would make things a lot better
Mar 23 11:57:10 <chen>	mcrha, will you be covering changes for free/busy api as well ?
Mar 23 11:57:18 <mcrha>	it'll be a little earthquake, as I'm rewriting GDBus generated code too
Mar 23 11:57:26 <mcrha>	tell be and it can be
Mar 23 11:57:35 *	mcrha is not aware of the change
Mar 23 11:57:53 <chen>	mcrha, sure, will send out a mail on the same immediately after the meeting..
Mar 23 11:57:57 <chen>	oberon, updates?
Mar 23 11:58:02 <mcrha>	ok
Mar 23 11:58:26 <chen>	seanius, updates?
Mar 23 11:58:32 <seanius>	still trying to get evo+ema stable enough for use at local $corporate environment.
Mar 23 11:58:49 <chen>	seanius, nice
Mar 23 11:58:53 <seanius>	some pretty significant performance problems with corporate-sized GAL's
Mar 23 11:59:02 <chen>	but i hope ews will soon lessen that work :)
Mar 23 11:59:04 <mcrha>	chen, by the way, the advantage of the earthquake will be that client will not timeout on dbus, only if very bad things will happen on either side
Mar 23 11:59:27 <chen>	mcrha, ah ok
Mar 23 11:59:30 <mcrha>	though the call_sync may not be called from the main thread ever, because it blocks dbus messages from delivery
Mar 23 11:59:50 <chen>	mcrha, once we have a ability to cancel the operations, i hope a lot of the issues will get solved..
Mar 23 12:00:09 *	mcrha is working on the ability
Mar 23 12:00:09 <chen>	Torr, anything to share?
Mar 23 12:00:21 <chen>	mcrha, :)
Mar 23 12:00:29 <chen>	vibs, updates?
Mar 23 12:00:50 <seanius>	chen: how will ews lessen the work?  we don't have the option of switching for probably another half year or so
Mar 23 12:00:51 <vibs>	Hii All, past last four weeks, I started working on EWS api's, worked up on couple of customer issues and bugs on maildir migration.
Mar 23 12:01:30 *	SEJeff (~jeff__@209.160.81.1) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 23 12:02:06 <chen>	seanius, its under active development and am sure a lot of the implementations in ews would just work rather than needing a lot of work-arounds..
Mar 23 12:02:15 <chen>	vibs, thanks :)
Mar 23 12:02:23 <chen>	xtian, updates?
Mar 23 12:02:32 <xtian>	evolution-kolab can now read/write kolab. offline is underway, so is collision detection/handling. first release will be for evo2.30, porting to 3.x is in the plannings (starting in july)
Mar 23 12:02:33 <Torr>	chen, how did I become of this conversation?
Mar 23 12:03:12 <xtian>	imapx/session is running in backend context, playing evo for these two is fun. :)
Mar 23 12:03:14 <chen>	Torr, we were just going around the room with updates and since you are part of the room you got in here :)
Mar 23 12:03:22 <seanius>	chen: okay.  i'd be interested in following what's going on with your sqlite related work, I might be interested in trying to backport it to someting .32-ish for the ema GAL storage
Mar 23 12:03:41 <chen>	seanius, cool
Mar 23 12:03:45 <chen>	xtian, nice :)
Mar 23 12:04:01 <chen>	xtian, is the calendar work complete ?
Mar 23 12:04:22 *	chen is exited to see the calendar/contact pieces :)
Mar 23 12:04:28 <xtian>	chen: things are coming together now. it is usable, only collision detection is missing
Mar 23 12:04:40 <chen>	xtian, nice :)
Mar 23 12:04:49 <chen>	anything else from anyone ?
Mar 23 12:04:53 <xtian>	conversion stuff is complete, now testing and bugfixing
Mar 23 12:05:25 <chen>	xtian, i guess all the hard-work is done then..
Mar 23 12:05:34 <xtian>	chen: we're now implementing some more eplugin stuff (setting up calendars involved hacking gconf until 5mons ago :)
Mar 23 12:06:06 <xtian>	chen: offline mode will be some work, and collision detection/handling
Mar 23 12:06:07 <chen>	xtian, account-setup ?
Mar 23 12:06:15 <chen>	xtian, ok
Mar 23 12:06:53 <xtian>	chen: very tricky... the account setup is done via email setup, since it's all the same for kolab email and kolab calendar/contacts
Mar 23 12:07:22 <chen>	xtian, ews works the same way too :)
Mar 23 12:07:40 <xtian>	chen: hey :)
Mar 23 12:07:56 <chen>	xtian, though i would expect some of the calendar/contact setup code handling in eds. but eds lacks interfaces for that..
Mar 23 12:08:14 <chen>	mbarnes, mcrha and myself had been discussing on it..
Mar 23 12:08:31 <chen>	hopefully we would get in some good solution there..
Mar 23 12:08:47 <xtian>	chen: yep. there's one more thing. our setup is capable of using tpm security tokens
Mar 23 12:09:08 <chen>	xtian, tpm ?
Mar 23 12:09:29 <xtian>	chen: tpm is "trusted platform module". for the email in the frontend, there's a token pin requester
Mar 23 12:09:46 <chen>	xtian, ok, just opened wikipedia :)
Mar 23 12:10:25 <xtian>	chen: evo can then open the hardware security token (via nss), and a client certificate stored there can be used to authenticate the client against the server
Mar 23 12:10:34 *	mbarnes was dangerously close to making an office space joke.  one letter off...
Mar 23 12:10:39 <xtian>	(if the server is so configured)
Mar 23 12:10:54 <chen>	xtian, ok
Mar 23 12:10:59 <chen>	mbarnes, u made me curious :)
Mar 23 12:11:11 <xtian>	chen: now to the point: there's no way for a backend to request such data from the frontend
Mar 23 12:11:35 <oberon>	any of you have an exchange server that is accessible outside Intel ?
Mar 23 12:11:52 <chen>	oberon, nope
Mar 23 12:12:16 <xtian>	chen: at least, in 2.30 there isn't --- from the backend, we cannot request e.g. pin/password data from the frontend, auch as "open a requester and hand me the data the user enters"
Mar 23 12:12:18 <chen>	xtian, you mean requesting authentication methods ?
Mar 23 12:13:09 <mbarnes>	chen: I hear you're having problems with your tpm tokens... didn't you get the memo?
Mar 23 12:13:12 <mbarnes>	ignore me...
Mar 23 12:13:12 <chen>	xtian, you mean getting the pin similar to password?
Mar 23 12:13:30 <xtian>	chen: authentication for a service (such as a user/password pair for imap) is another matter, this works
Mar 23 12:13:47 <xtian>	chen: yes, a pin like a password, e.g. for a security token
Mar 23 12:14:00 <xtian>	chen: ...this is not related to account data
Mar 23 12:14:54 <chen>	xtian, yup there is no way to collect the pin data at the moment
Mar 23 12:14:59 <xtian>	chen: nss for instance has a callback function with which you can set a user pin for a pkcs#11 token (like the ibm tursted platform module), and that password should not be stored anywhere
Mar 23 12:15:18 <chen>	xtian, it would be nice if you can start a thread in e-h list and could discuss and find a way for that..
Mar 23 12:15:35 <xtian>	chen: just thought i'll bring this up, since we stumbled across it in our setup (and requirement from our client)
Mar 23 12:16:01 <chen>	xtian, ok
Mar 23 12:16:09 <xtian>	chen: okay, will do. maybe this is a more general thing than just pins
Mar 23 12:16:28 <chen>	xtian, it would be nice if you bring it up on e-h list early so that it can be accomodated with libebook/libecal changes which are going to land
Mar 23 12:16:39 <xtian>	(/me does not know whether other backends may have a need for that)
Mar 23 12:16:46 <xtian>	chen: yes, will do
Mar 23 12:17:08 <chen>	xtian, we could do it in a customized way who could provide options for the backend..
Mar 23 12:17:51 <chen>	Lets then meet next month with more updates and with more code landing in master :)
Mar 23 12:17:56 <chen>	Thanks everyone!!
Mar 23 12:17:56 <xtian>	chen: e-h list may well have enough experts to come up with a good solution ;-)
Mar 23 12:18:10 <chen>	xtian, obsolutely :)

