**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Apr 18 08:03:20 2012

Apr 18 08:03:20 *	Now talking on #evolution-meet
Apr 18 09:22:31 *	You are now known as mcrha|afk
Apr 18 10:05:10 *	You are now known as mcrha
Apr 18 12:14:30 *	chen is now known as chen|brb
Apr 18 12:40:45 *	You are now known as mcrha|afk
Apr 18 13:21:27 *	chen|brb has quit (Ex-Chat)
Apr 18 13:50:51 *	You are now known as mcrha
Apr 18 17:16:47 *	chen (~chen@117.192.159.220) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 18 17:17:24 <chen>	mcrha, meeting in another 10 minutes..
Apr 18 17:17:43 <mcrha>	hi chen, thanks, I can call the group
Apr 18 17:17:53 <chen>	mcrha, thanks!1
Apr 18 17:20:30 *	seb128 (~seb128@ANancy-258-1-17-113.w90-39.abo.wanadoo.fr) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 18 17:23:31 *	lakhil (~lakhil@117.192.9.72) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 18 17:24:24 <chen>	hey lakhil 
Apr 18 17:25:34 *	andre (~andre@89.177.48.113) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 18 17:26:31 <lakhil>	hey chen 
Apr 18 17:29:11 <chen>	we would miss punit and vibha today, there is a power cut in the area where they reside..
Apr 18 17:29:44 <chen>	lets get started in another couple of minutes.. /me waits for mbarnes to join..
Apr 18 17:31:50 <chen>	lakhil, mcrha, i guess it would better to go with individual updates, with a single highlight for this month
Apr 18 17:32:08 <chen>	looks like mbarnes had missed out on the timing
Apr 18 17:32:39 <mcrha>	yup, unfortunately
Apr 18 17:32:55 *	chen also misses dvratil who is the limelight :)
Apr 18 17:33:25 <chen>	applause for dvratil for getting webkit inside evolution!!
Apr 18 17:33:33 <lakhil>	+1
Apr 18 17:33:39 *	chen claps for him :)
Apr 18 17:33:42 <mcrha>	yeah :)
Apr 18 17:34:06 <chen>	he would be happy to see the logs and we would give him kudos when he is there in next meeting!!
Apr 18 17:34:19 <chen>	updates from mysiide,
Apr 18 17:34:27 <lakhil>	mcrha, you have also guided him during rough path :)
Apr 18 17:34:44 <mcrha>	lakhil, just a little bit.
Apr 18 17:35:04 <chen>	delivered patches for smart-card on sled and its under testing. just split-up imapx library so that it can be subclassed,
Apr 18 17:35:21 <chen>	mbarnes already did split-up work of splitting imapx-command imapx-job
Apr 18 17:35:33 <chen>	so it just required a small patch - https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=674310
Apr 18 17:35:45 <chen>	mcrha, it would be nice if you also have a look at it..
Apr 18 17:36:12 <mcrha>	checking
Apr 18 17:36:22 <chen>	will be getting on write a small provider groupwise-imap which uses imapx for mails and soap protocol for calendar/address-book,
Apr 18 17:36:43 <chen>	so that the account can be setup cleanly instead of using the USE_IMAP hack
Apr 18 17:37:00 <chen>	which is causing all sorts of problems while handling preference settings
Apr 18 17:37:09 <chen>	thats it from my side
Apr 18 17:37:16 <chen>	andre, any updates?
Apr 18 17:37:22 <andre>	no :)
Apr 18 17:37:29 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, around?
Apr 18 17:37:36 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
Apr 18 17:37:43 <chen>	lakhil, updates ?
Apr 18 17:37:51 <lakhil>	there is nothing from my side
Apr 18 17:37:57 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Apr 18 17:37:59 *	andre900 (~user@89.177.48.113) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 18 17:38:06 <mcrha>	should I follow the pattern? :)
Apr 18 17:38:07 *	andre has quit (andre)
Apr 18 17:38:13 *	vibs (~yvibha@122.167.249.239) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 18 17:38:14 <chen>	hehe
Apr 18 17:38:17 <chen>	hey vibs 
Apr 18 17:38:17 <mcrha>	I have a little news, though
Apr 18 17:38:19 <lakhil>	:)
Apr 18 17:38:25 <vibs>	Hiii 
Apr 18 17:38:29 <chen>	mcrha, go on
Apr 18 17:38:37 <mcrha>	I made a global search for calendar, which allows search for event out of the current view interval
Apr 18 17:38:57 <chen>	vibs, we just congratulating dvratil for the webkit work and moving on with individual updates..
Apr 18 17:39:20 <mcrha>	then I filled couple bugs against mater for Dan, and I'm also reviewing patches for them, when Dan uploads them (not immediately, somehow)
Apr 18 17:39:33 <chen>	mcrha, do you confine the search results to list view ?
Apr 18 17:39:33 <mcrha>	s/mater/master/
Apr 18 17:39:46 <vibs>	Ohh yes congrats from my side as well ... its a great work
Apr 18 17:40:03 <mcrha>	chen, I'm not sure I understand, confine?
Apr 18 17:40:42 <mcrha>	it basically starts at currently selected day and searches for other occurrence forward or backward
Apr 18 17:40:57 <chen>	mcrha, and display results in list view ?
Apr 18 17:41:15 <mcrha>	it doesn't care what view is selected, it uses that which is
Apr 18 17:41:41 <mcrha>	it finds the date and shows it in the view, like when you click "Today" button
Apr 18 17:41:49 <chen>	mcrha, it would be good to switch the view to list view once that search is done,
Apr 18 17:42:09 <chen>	say eg: if am searching for an event which occurred in past and am on week or month view,
Apr 18 17:42:22 <chen>	it might give an indication that there are no search results
Apr 18 17:42:32 <chen>	while one might find it only in list view..
Apr 18 17:43:04 <mcrha>	did chen saw my last sentence above? ;)
Apr 18 17:43:21 <mcrha>	(and it's 'see', not 'saw')
Apr 18 17:43:49 <chen>	mcrha, maybe am not understanding the global search well enough :)
Apr 18 17:44:07 <mcrha>	chen, we can chat off-meeting
Apr 18 17:44:11 <chen>	mcrha, yeah
Apr 18 17:44:15 <chen>	mcrha, :)
Apr 18 17:44:24 <chen>	seb128, anything to share?
Apr 18 17:44:30 <chen>	vibs, updates?
Apr 18 17:44:40 <seb128>	(no, just lurking ;-)
Apr 18 17:44:49 <vibs>	Yeah as I mentioned in previous meeting update, I continued with attachment issues and bugs on offline mode. Then I continued with delegate access for ews connector. Now continuing up with password expiration date for ews connector and will take up password change feature if possible
Apr 18 17:44:50 <chen>	:)
Apr 18 17:45:12 <chen>	vibs, thanks!!
Apr 18 17:45:26 <mcrha>	vibs, did you notice offline mode discusson on e-h-list?
Apr 18 17:46:13 *	chen waits
Apr 18 17:46:14 <vibs>	mcrha: yeah gone through ... and just trying to understand and kopeup with it
Apr 18 17:46:15 <mcrha>	even, what kind of offline mode this is about? like ews mail or in general?
Apr 18 17:46:48 <vibs>	mcrha: as I mentioned general warnings on folder operation 
Apr 18 17:46:52 <vibs>	in offline mode
Apr 18 17:47:13 <mcrha>	ah, ok, I didin't notice. Good.
Apr 18 17:47:31 <vibs>	;)
Apr 18 17:47:48 <vibs>	bdw I just have one more concern
Apr 18 17:47:52 <chen>	mcrha, i got reminded, its about providing proper error messages for operations that can be performed only in online
Apr 18 17:48:05 <chen>	when the user tries to perform them in offline
Apr 18 17:48:26 <vibs>	its regarding attachments in events 
Apr 18 17:48:27 <mcrha>	aah, I see. I was initially afraid of effort duplication, which would be pity
Apr 18 17:48:33 *	chen reviewed some patches of that sorts from vibs
Apr 18 17:49:17 <chen>	vibs, go on
Apr 18 17:49:47 <vibs>	Shall the attachments for events be saved in comp-uid folder of cache or 
Apr 18 17:50:23 <vibs>	in <compuid> - <filename> in respective cache folder
Apr 18 17:50:30 <chen>	mcrha, ^^
Apr 18 17:50:45 <mcrha>	I think the function I added recently makes this consistent between backends
Apr 18 17:50:47 <vibs>	+While saving event, attachment_store_save_cb() gets called which
Apr 18 17:50:47 <vibs>	prepends the prefix into the attachment filename.
Apr 18 17:50:47 <vibs>	In comp-editor.c get_attachment_list() gets called which sets the
Apr 18 17:50:47 <vibs>	comp-uid as prefix. 
Apr 18 17:51:31 <mcrha>	you want ot have some uniqueness in file names
Apr 18 17:51:51 <mcrha>	and note that cal component can hold two files with the same name
Apr 18 17:53:49 <vibs>	It would be good if files have unique names
Apr 18 17:54:04 <chen>	vibs, i guess that would not be possible :)
Apr 18 17:54:53 *	mcrha has vEvent with two evo.patch attachments :)
Apr 18 17:55:09 *	mbarnes (~mbarnes@c-98-217-249-155.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 18 17:55:14 <chen>	vibs, maybe you are mis-worded the question ?
Apr 18 17:55:40 <vibs>	chen: yes
Apr 18 17:55:54 <chen>	mbarnes, we were just going through individual updates, starting the meeting with webkit applauds
Apr 18 17:56:00 <chen>	mbarnes, updates ? :)
Apr 18 17:56:31 <chen>	vibs, maybe you can just think over it again and put ur query..
Apr 18 17:56:46 <vibs>	yeah and I would ask on channel
Apr 18 17:56:58 <chen>	cool
Apr 18 17:56:59 <vibs>	or list
Apr 18 17:57:05 <chen>	fine
Apr 18 17:57:44 <chen>	mbarnes, would be nice if you have a look at https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=674310..
Apr 18 17:58:27 <chen>	I guess mbarnes is away
Apr 18 17:58:34 <mbarnes>	just a quick update: pretty close to wrapping up evolution's account-mgmt branch, then will start on the exchange/groupwise packages
Apr 18 17:58:48 <chen>	mbarnes, thats wonderful!!
Apr 18 17:58:55 <mbarnes>	I'm supposed to demo the branch to Red Hat's desktop team in a couple weeks
Apr 18 17:59:19 <chen>	mbarnes, would be nice if you can record it and share it :)
Apr 18 17:59:27 <chen>	maybe in blog + youtube :)
Apr 18 17:59:36 <lakhil>	+1
Apr 18 17:59:46 <mbarnes>	yeah, maybe I can put together a screencast or something
Apr 18 17:59:53 <chen>	yeah!!
Apr 18 18:00:12 <mbarnes>	a screencast of config files, whee!
Apr 18 18:00:35 *	vibs has quit (Remote closed the connection)
Apr 18 18:00:39 <chen>	hehe am sure u can make it interesting. defintely while u are giving a demo :)
Apr 18 18:00:57 *	vibs (~yvibha@122.167.249.239) has joined #evolution-meet
Apr 18 18:01:22 <chen>	With that good news from mbarnes  we wrap this meeting. lets catch up next month!!
Apr 18 18:01:30 <chen>	thanks everyone :) have a great time!!
Apr 18 18:01:40 <mcrha>	ditto
Apr 18 18:01:45 <mcrha>	bye
Apr 18 18:01:52 *	chen is now known as chen|dinner
Apr 18 18:01:55 <lakhil>	bye
Apr 18 18:02:19 *	lakhil has quit (Leaving)
Apr 18 18:03:02 *	chen|dinner has quit (Ex-Chat)
Apr 18 18:03:17 *	mbarnes (~mbarnes@c-98-217-249-155.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has left #evolution-meet
Apr 18 18:03:37 <vibs>	bye
Apr 18 18:03:38 *	vibs (~yvibha@122.167.249.239) has left #evolution-meet
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Apr 18 18:03:45 2012

