Mar 21 11:30:46 <chen>	Lets get started!!
Mar 21 11:30:48 *	jpunit has quit (Read error: 131 (Connection reset by peer))
Mar 21 11:31:02 <chen>	oops looks like he has a bad connection..
Mar 21 11:31:13 <chen>	To start with the project updates,
Mar 21 11:31:44 <chen>	A week or so to go for Evolution 3.4.0 and we are on a hard-code freeze at the moment..
Mar 21 11:32:25 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning34 - gives a highlights the important tasks completed for 3.4
Mar 21 11:32:41 <chen>	http://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning36 is alive atm and please update the same,
Mar 21 11:32:57 <chen>	dvratil, u might want to get the webkit added there ?
Mar 21 11:33:07 <dvratil>	chen, it's already there  :)
Mar 21 11:33:15 <chen>	oops sorry :)
Mar 21 11:33:26 *	jpunit (~punit@122.179.60.160) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 21 11:33:26 <chen>	thats the first :)
Mar 21 11:33:48 <chen>	http://www.gnome.org/news/2012/02/guadec-2012-call-for-participation/ - April 14th is the deadline
Mar 21 11:34:04 <chen>	for submitting the talks for coming guadec,
Mar 21 11:34:23 <chen>	would be nice to put some talks on evo..
Mar 21 11:34:41 <chen>	we definetly have lots of talk :)
Mar 21 11:35:15 <chen>	It would be nice to update  the developer documentations and have some tutorials up.. mbarnes, do you already have plans for it ?
Mar 21 11:35:27 <andre>	mbarnes can finally use an evo talk as a fake reason to make it to guadec :P
Mar 21 11:35:51 <chen>	hehe
Mar 21 11:36:17 <chen>	andre, its anyways not fake too, there's so much to talk :)
Mar 21 11:36:33 <mbarnes>	I have nothing planned for it
Mar 21 11:37:01 <andre>	mbarnes: come up with something random and buy icecream for the folks in the paper committee. should work.
Mar 21 11:37:01 *	jpunit has quit (Read error: 131 (Connection reset by peer))
Mar 21 11:37:18 *	chen will take it up then
Mar 21 11:37:32 *	lakhil (~lakhil@117.192.1.62) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 21 11:37:38 <chen>	thats with the project updates,
Mar 21 11:37:53 <chen>	anything else to discuss before we move on to individual updates?
Mar 21 11:37:59 <chen>	hey lakhil!!
Mar 21 11:38:15 <lakhil>	hi chen 
Mar 21 11:38:57 <chen>	updates from myside, have been working on adding smart-card support for evolution-ews in sled as it,
Mar 21 11:39:31 <chen>	already has a downstream patch, will also be working on upstream fixes for the same in libsoup and glib-network
Mar 21 11:39:45 <chen>	and some small bug fixes..
Mar 21 11:39:56 <chen>	andre, anything to share?
Mar 21 11:40:13 *	jpunit (~punit@122.179.60.160) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 21 11:40:19 <andre>	nope
Mar 21 11:40:22 <chen>	dvratil, updates?
Mar 21 11:40:25 <dvratil>	I just fixed various crashes, memory leaks and other things I broke
Mar 21 11:40:38 <dvratil>	this week I ported the ITIP plugin to pure HTML
Mar 21 11:40:46 <chen>	dvratil, thanks!!
Mar 21 11:40:51 <chen>	dvratil, thats nice :)
Mar 21 11:40:59 <chen>	jpunit, updates?
Mar 21 11:41:04 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, anything to share?
Mar 21 11:41:15 *	chen hopes jpunit is still alive :)
Mar 21 11:41:36 *	mbarnes needs to step away for a moment... skip me until I get back
Mar 21 11:41:41 *	You are now known as mbarnes|afk
Mar 21 11:41:46 <chen>	ok
Mar 21 11:41:51 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
Mar 21 11:41:59 <chen>	lakhil, updates?
Mar 21 11:42:06 <jpunit>	chen: damn bad internet connection.. :(
Mar 21 11:42:12 *	jpunit has quit (Read error: 131 (Connection reset by peer))
Mar 21 11:42:21 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
Mar 21 11:42:46 <mcrha>	hi, nothing much to highlight, just a usual bugzilla-related work.
Mar 21 11:42:55 *	You are now known as mbarnes
Mar 21 11:42:56 *	lakhil_ (~lakhil@117.192.14.231) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 21 11:43:01 <mcrha>	the only pita is that the hard-code freze lasts for aone week only ;)
Mar 21 11:43:11 <chen>	mcrha, hehe
Mar 21 11:43:18 <chen>	mcrha, thanks!!
Mar 21 11:43:23 <chen>	vibs, updates?
Mar 21 11:43:30 <andre>	you can always branch for gnome-3-4
Mar 21 11:43:32 <chen>	mcrha, so on for a vacation ? :)
Mar 21 11:43:51 <vibs>	yes, past month I was involved with bugs for better offline handling, Bugs for attachment handling for calendar items and a few bugs for groupwise backend.
Mar 21 11:43:52 <mcrha>	had been planned to be :)
Mar 21 11:44:12 *	jpunit (~punit@122.179.60.160) has joined #evolution-meet
Mar 21 11:44:12 <lakhil_>	andre, mcrha won't commit small fixes now, he is getting ready with code bomb :P
Mar 21 11:44:29 <chen>	andre, , thought would be good for translators
Mar 21 11:44:48 <jpunit>	Hi.. I worked on porting ews patches to 2.28 branch and some bug fixes..
Mar 21 11:44:49 <mcrha>	vibs, offline for gw too, or for any other backend, or in general?
Mar 21 11:44:53 <chen>	they need not commit for two branches, we have no urgent need to branch atm..
Mar 21 11:44:59 <vibs>	mcrha: general
Mar 21 11:45:00 <andre>	chen, makes sense
Mar 21 11:45:10 <mcrha>	vibs, aah, good
Mar 21 11:45:19 <chen>	vibs, thanks :)
Mar 21 11:45:23 <vibs>	:)
Mar 21 11:45:24 <chen>	xtian, updates?
Mar 21 11:45:31 <xtian>	got evo-kolab 3.3.92 out the door, noticed some issues after that. will document in bugzilla and try to get the fixes done at the same time, so i can try whether they let me get them in for 3.4.0
Mar 21 11:45:50 <chen>	xtian, thanks!!
Mar 21 11:45:57 <xtian>	backend class instances being run in their own threads was a nice surprise... :-)
Mar 21 11:46:19 <chen>	:)
Mar 21 11:46:21 <mcrha>	xtian, be ready for an API change in 3.5.1 in cal backends
Mar 21 11:46:24 <xtian>	aside from that, it's pretty much working (after pretty much work, porting from 2.30)
Mar 21 11:46:31 <xtian>	mcrha: yes
Mar 21 11:46:46 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
Mar 21 11:46:49 <mbarnes>	all my focus is on finishing up the account-mgmt branch
Mar 21 11:46:49 <mbarnes>	I'm currently engaged in a complete rewrite of the mail account editor
Mar 21 11:46:49 <mbarnes>	the new editor will consist of 20-some fine-grained classes
Mar 21 11:46:49 <mbarnes>	instead of one giant monolithic class
Mar 21 11:46:49 <mbarnes>	and be extensible via EExtension rather than EConfig
Mar 21 11:46:49 <mbarnes>	after that I'll be blazing through the groupware backends as fast as possible
Mar 21 11:46:49 <mbarnes>	so I can finally get this damn thing merged for 3.5.1 or .2, hopefully
Mar 21 11:46:49 <mbarnes>	I'll be posting a blog entry about this when I'm ready to merge
Mar 21 11:46:51 *	jpunit has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))
Mar 21 11:46:58 <mcrha>	xtian, and I guess in camel around camelsearch too ;)
Mar 21 11:47:16 *	andre wants blogposts even before merging
Mar 21 11:47:25 <chen>	mbarnes, wonderful :)
Mar 21 11:47:46 <chen>	mcrha, u are threatening him ;)
Mar 21 11:47:55 <mcrha>	a little bit ;)
Mar 21 11:47:58 <xtian>	mcrha: cool. i've got a whole lot of stuff planned which i will need to do on eko 3.4  code base, so i'll branch late for 3.5 most probably
Mar 21 11:48:00 <chen>	lol
Mar 21 11:48:30 <chen>	anything else from anyone before we wrap up ?
Mar 21 11:48:30 <mcrha>	xtian, can work too
Mar 21 11:48:51 *	mcrha is wrapping down
Mar 21 11:49:08 <chen>	Lets then meet during April, Thanks everyone!!
Mar 21 11:49:18 <xtian>	mcrha: yeah, hope i should be done with this by middle of 3.5/3.6 cycle, so porting from 3.4 to 3.5 can happen then
Mar 21 11:49:19 <mcrha>	bye
Mar 21 11:49:45 <mcrha>	xtian, I do not expect much work on that, and I plan to help, till it'll be fresh
Mar 21 11:49:51 *	lakhil has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Mar 21 11:49:51 <xtian>	bye, and thanks chen for guiding us though
Mar 21 11:50:17 <xtian>	mcrha: okay, aTdHvAaNnKcSe!
Mar 21 11:50:18 <chen>	xtian, :)
Mar 21 11:50:19 <mcrha>	xtian, thus preferred to branch as usual, to not postpone much
Mar 21 11:50:31 *	chen is now known as chen|dinner
Mar 21 11:51:24 *	vibs has quit (Leaving.)
Mar 21 11:51:57 <xtian>	mcrha: my resources are much limited, i must admit, and it will get me into trouble if i branch too early
Mar 21 11:52:14 *	lakhil_ has quit (Leaving)
Mar 21 11:52:18 <xtian>	mcrha: but let's keep in touch about this
Mar 21 11:52:58 <mcrha>	sure thing, xtian 
Mar 21 11:54:00 <xtian>	mcrha: at least i would like to wait till god's great duststorm is over in evo/e-d-s, and port eko over to 3.5 only then :-)
Mar 21 11:55:22 <mcrha>	xtian, makes sense. I'll attach fixes to eko bugzilla, thus you'll be able to pick them whenever it'll suit for you. The only thing is that it should not be done in the 3.4. place
Mar 21 11:58:53 <xtian>	mcrha: yep. i'll iron out which things i'll need to do first and get through with them
Mar 21 11:59:28 <xtian>	thanks mcrha
Mar 21 12:00:14 <mcrha>	ok, xtian 
Mar 21 12:01:49 <xtian>	mcrha: i should create 3.4 and 3.5 in eko bugzilla
Mar 21 12:02:26 <mcrha>	it's done automatically on release
Mar 21 12:07:11 <xtian>	oh fine, all the better.
