Jan 18 10:32:57 <chen>	Lets get started!!
Jan 18 10:33:13 <chen>	its 2012!! and we are still alive :)
Jan 18 10:33:24 <lakhil>	and rocking !!
Jan 18 10:33:26 <xtian>	\o/
Jan 18 10:33:29 <chen>	starting with project updates,
Jan 18 10:34:02 <chen>	we had two releases 3.3.4 and a stable release 3.2.3 this month..
Jan 18 10:34:24 <chen>	From next freezes will start to take over in phases
Jan 18 10:34:43 <andre_>	"From next freezes"?
Jan 18 10:34:56 *	chen_ has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Jan 18 10:35:00 <chen>	*next month..
Jan 18 10:35:00 <chen>	sorry
Jan 18 10:35:06 <andre_>	ah.
Jan 18 10:35:30 <chen>	if you do have features that needs to get in, make sure to get the changes faster..
Jan 18 10:36:10 <chen>	mbarnes, mcrha and myself have been having a small discussion on folder management for calendar/address-book,
Jan 18 10:36:45 <chen>	will be elaborating on it a little later once am clear on the interfaces. i was not very much sure to post it to e-h before making sure,
Jan 18 10:37:04 <chen>	am clear and it fits with the account-management changes that mbarnes is doing..
Jan 18 10:37:43 <chen>	anyone have anything to discuss before we move on to individual updates? 
Jan 18 10:38:13 <chen>	updates from myside, 
Jan 18 10:38:15 <xtian>	chen: any idea when these changes are going to start/hit code?
Jan 18 10:41:06 <lakhil>	chen got disconnected, network connection is unreliable for him today
Jan 18 10:41:20 <lakhil>	xtian, you can ask him your query when he comes back
Jan 18 10:41:40 <mbarnes>	xtian: for account-management changes I'm targeting 3.5.1 now
Jan 18 10:42:20 *	chen_ (~chen@117.192.156.31) has joined #evolution-meet
Jan 18 10:42:34 <xtian>	mbarnes: okay, so chens changes may be well in 3.5 as well
Jan 18 10:42:34 <chen_>	<chen> next month if things go well
Jan 18 10:42:35 <chen_>	<chen> had been with sled bugs mostly
Jan 18 10:42:37 <chen_>	<chen> will be getting on with my pending patch reviews..
Jan 18 10:42:39 *	chen_ lets lakhil take over
Jan 18 10:42:49 <xtian>	chen: thanks
Jan 18 10:43:11 <andre_>	[Reminder: Please update https://live.gnome.org/Evolution/Planning34 (and/or create Planning36) in case that things work out/don't work out]
Jan 18 10:43:18 <chen_>	am sorry, having a night mare with my internet connection :(
Jan 18 10:43:33 <lakhil>	chen, so your  folder management for calendar/address-book changes will be for mostly 3.5.x ? xtian raised a query before
Jan 18 10:43:39 <chen_>	andre_, sure
Jan 18 10:44:13 <chen_>	xtian, it will be for 3.4
Jan 18 10:44:32 <xtian>	chen_: ah well, ok. just curious
Jan 18 10:44:45 <chen_>	xtian, but the interface might require a slight change once mbarnes gets the account-mgmt changes..
Jan 18 10:45:39 <lakhil>	we will go around the room for individual updates now
Jan 18 10:45:58 <mcrha>	one thing for chen_ 
Jan 18 10:46:02 <chen_>	mcrha, yup
Jan 18 10:46:28 <mcrha>	chen_, do you think there will be enough time for a discussion on your enhancement? and definitely to adapt "all" around?
Jan 18 10:46:48 *	mcrha thinks that doing "core" changes just before freezes is not a good step
Jan 18 10:47:38 *	chen__ (~chen@117.202.28.240) has joined #evolution-meet
Jan 18 10:47:44 <lakhil>	andre_, anything to share ? you are the first one to test webkit branch, i guess :)
Jan 18 10:47:59 <andre_>	Hah. Just slacking plus waiting for dvratil to fix his webkit branch bug reports before I continue testing ;-)
Jan 18 10:48:10 <andre_>	or "my" reports that are now his :P
Jan 18 10:48:11 <dvratil>	andre_: thanks for the reports btw :)
Jan 18 10:48:16 <andre_>	you're very welcome
Jan 18 10:48:19 *	chen has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Jan 18 10:48:37 <lakhil>	cool
Jan 18 10:48:37 <lakhil>	dave_largo, anything to share ?
Jan 18 10:48:52 *	chen__ has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))
Jan 18 10:49:27 <lakhil>	dvratil, what's the news from webkit branch ?
Jan 18 10:49:51 <lakhil>	mcrha, chen got disconnected, please email him your concern, he will reply back
Jan 18 10:49:58 <dvratil>	I've been trying to work around some issues with webkit + fix some of the andre_ 's reports
Jan 18 10:50:17 <dvratil>	I think I'll have to delay it for 3.5.1 :(
Jan 18 10:50:22 <mcrha>	lakhil, sure, I'll ping him tomorrow, or he me, depends who will notice first :)
Jan 18 10:50:26 <lakhil>	oh
Jan 18 10:50:38 <dvratil>	there are still too many issues
Jan 18 10:50:39 <lakhil>	mcrha, i will make sure you both ping each other :D
Jan 18 10:50:49 <mcrha>	hehe
Jan 18 10:51:23 <lakhil>	dvratil, you might want to update 3.4 plan as pointed out by andre_  
Jan 18 10:51:38 <dvratil>	lakhil: will do
Jan 18 10:51:59 <lakhil>	dvratil, thanks
Jan 18 10:52:01 <lakhil>	dwmw2_gone, anything to share ?
Jan 18 10:52:33 <lakhil>	kov, anything to share ?
Jan 18 10:53:18 <lakhil>	update from my side - i am mostly on downstream work
Jan 18 10:53:34 <lakhil>	and little bit on upstream bugzilla
Jan 18 10:53:58 <lakhil>	mbarnes, anything to share ?
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	I'm in the process of merging srag's email-factory-3-4 branch for evolution
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	which just partitions the mailer into a couple new libraries bound for EDS
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	so it's just some code rearrangement for now -- should be low-risk
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	on the account-mgmt front:
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	it's already getting too late in the 3.3 cycle, so I'm targeting 3.5 now
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	but I'd like to branch for 3.4 early like we did for the kill-bonobo branches
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	to have some extra time to test the changes and polish up the APIs
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	(assuming I have the thing ready in time to branch early)
Jan 18 10:54:03 <mbarnes>	I'm hacking up the account editor atm, then diving into groupwise and exchange
Jan 18 10:54:50 <vibs>	past month, I was fixing bugs upstream  for ews and groupwise connector. 
Jan 18 10:55:23 <lakhil>	mbarnes, thanks
Jan 18 10:55:26 <lakhil>	mcrha, update ?
Jan 18 10:55:32 <vibs>	sorry
Jan 18 10:55:45 <mcrha>	I had most fun with evo-mapi, when implementing "Subscribe to other user's folder". It's working nicely, at least according to my tests. Now on public folders, and then folder permissions
Jan 18 10:56:04 *	chen_ has quit (Ping timeout: 600 seconds)
Jan 18 10:56:15 *	lakhil will have to dive in mapi now before it gets too late :)
Jan 18 10:56:31 <mcrha>	I wanted aslo Out of office feature, but OpenCHange is not ready yet. Hopefully will not result into the same with Permissions
Jan 18 10:56:49 <lakhil>	thanks mcrha , looks like mapi will be feature compatible with owa in 3.4
Jan 18 10:57:07 <mcrha>	not fully, I'm afraid, but a lit closer
Jan 18 10:57:12 <mcrha>	*a bit
Jan 18 10:57:30 <lakhil>	ok
Jan 18 10:57:33 <lakhil>	vibs, anything more to share ?
Jan 18 10:58:15 <vibs>	lakhil: yes and rest time spent on downstream bugs for dave_largo
Jan 18 10:58:29 <mbarnes>	mcrha: should we retire evolution-exchange once mapi gets feature parity with it, you think?
Jan 18 10:58:31 <vibs>	and sled
Jan 18 10:58:55 <mcrha>	mbarnes, eex is still quicker than ema, unfortunately
Jan 18 10:59:10 <mcrha>	I believe it has its power with 2003 servers
Jan 18 10:59:19 <lakhil>	mbarnes, we haven't tested mapi with Exchange 2003 server, so not a clear picture about compatibility
Jan 18 10:59:40 <mbarnes>	so we're dragging eex along for the foreseeable future then, eh?
Jan 18 11:00:05 <lakhil>	until people move to Exchange 2007/2010 server, i guess
Jan 18 11:00:12 <mbarnes>	okay
Jan 18 11:00:16 *	mbarnes just curious
Jan 18 11:00:34 <lakhil>	xtian, anything to share ?
Jan 18 11:00:39 <xtian>	got imapx subclassable for evolution-kolab now, existing kolab extensions from 2.30 should be easier to implant now
Jan 18 11:01:07 <xtian>	(subclassable imapx is in evo-kolab repo as local dupe, may be of upstream interest later on)
Jan 18 11:01:37 <xtian>	ported kolab2 provider now working, but without kolab extensions yet
Jan 18 11:02:02 <lakhil>	anything else before we end the meeting ?
Jan 18 11:02:08 <lakhil>	xtian, thanks
Jan 18 11:02:15 <xtian>	lakhil: sure.
Jan 18 11:02:48 <lakhil>	thanks everyone, see you next month
Jan 18 11:02:55 <lakhil>	bye

