<!--#set var="title" value="IRC Team Meeting - February 16, 2011"-->
<!--#set var="section" value="developer"-->
<!--#include virtual="../head.shtml"-->

<h1>IRC Team Meeting - February 16, 2011</h1>
<div class="irclog">
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, meeting in another 5 minutes..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">hi chen, ok, let's call people</span></p>
<p class="action">* lakhil (~lakhil@117.192.26.28) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">hey lakhil </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">hi chen</span></p>
<p class="action">* dvratil (~dvratil@nat-pool-brq-t.redhat.com) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">lets get started in a couple of minutes..</span></p>
<p class="action">* chen waits for punit to join..</p>
<p class="action">* jpunit (~punit@122.179.40.71) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">Lets get started..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">starting with project updates,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">we have 3.3.90 release coming up on Feb 20 (coming Monday)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">with that UI and API/ABI freezes would be effective..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">please commit all the patches that require UI changes asap</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">String change announcement period also will be on</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">which means all string changes should be announced to gnome-i18n@gnome.org and gnome-doc-list@gnome.org hence forth..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">Some important dates to keep in mind,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">String freeze commences on March 5th</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">and Hard code freeze on March 19 th..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">We have a good news from dvratil on webkit - <a href="http://mail.gnome.org/archives/evolution-hackers/2012-February/msg00020.html">http://mail.gnome.org/archives/evolution-hackers/2012-February/msg00020.html</a></span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dvratil, nice work!1</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;dvratil&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha's, mostly :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, !1</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, !!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">our heroes :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">There is also another important update which I have to make,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">its a hard one though,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">lakhil has opted to move to some other team inside Novell and would be moving there starting march 1st</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;vibs&gt;</span> <span class="text">:(</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">he has been Evolution bug master for more than 5 years now and this blog,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text"><a href="http://lakhil.wordpress.com/2012/01/04/and-its-a-hat-trick/">http://lakhil.wordpress.com/2012/01/04/and-its-a-hat-trick/</a> - summarizes akhil's contributions over the years w.r.t Evolution and GNOME...</span></p>
<p class="action">* jpunit1 (~punit@122.179.31.107) has joined #evolution-meet</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">I hope lakhil will be actively contributing to GNOME after getting settled in his new team..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">ouch, lakhil will be missed</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">thank you for all the consistent work and wish you a great success in ur new team as well..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">hard decision for me but hopefully will get opportunity to contribute and go ahead with my passion</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, yes and it will be very much noticable..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">thanks to all for their support</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">good luck, lakhil </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">one good news would be that the new manager for lakhil was also a x-manager for evolution team long back :)</span></p>
<p class="action">* jpunit has quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">so i guess he would encourage lakhil in contributing to evo and GNOME :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">:)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">thats with the project updates..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">anything else to be discussed before we move to individual updates ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">updates from my side,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">have been mostly with sled issues and hardly started on the EClientStore thingy,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">have targetted it for 3.5.1 ..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">i hope srag will also merge the e-mail-factory for 3.5.1</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dvratil, updates?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;dvratil&gt;</span> <span class="text">I've ported the branch back to single webview, now I'm fighting attachments a bit, but essentially everything is in place and ready.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dvratil, nice :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;dvratil&gt;</span> <span class="text">Now we must wait for the webkit guys to make a release with the Milan's patch and we can merge</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dvratil, cool, so 3.5.1 would be right time for webkit stuff to get in ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;dvratil&gt;</span> <span class="text">really depends on the webkit release - they don't have stable release cycle so no idea yet - will need to push on them</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dvratil, ok</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;dvratil&gt;</span> <span class="text">but 3.5.1 looks very promising</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dvratil, that would be awesome!!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, updates?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">jpunit1, updates?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">kov, anything to share?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;dvratil&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen, btw any estimation about when 3.5.1 would be released? Just to have some timeframe to give to the webkit guys</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #8c4a4a">&lt;jpunit1&gt;</span> <span class="text">from my side .. some ews bug fixes, some downstream and internal work</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dvratil, maybe between a month or two after 3.4 release..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dvratil, u can check the difference between 3.2 release and 3.3.1 release..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">that can be projected..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #854685">&lt;dvratil&gt;</span> <span class="text">thanks</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">jpunit1, thanks</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">lakhil, updates/</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">did testing of mapi features and in general sanity run on evo, most of the mapi bugs have been fixed by mcrha already :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">lakhil, thanks :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, updates?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">nothing here. I've done absolutely nothing recently. Which, since I'm using ActiveSync for my everyday work email, would tend to imply that I ought to ship a tarball and call it a release :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">it has stopped offending me :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #42427e">&lt;mcrha&gt;</span> <span class="text">I've been mostly on MAPI, with lakhil's help, whom caught issues which I failed to see</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, nice :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">mcrha, thanks!!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">vibs, updates?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">doing a proper calendar and addressbook backend for ActiveSync would be cute; at the moment we only have syncevolution for that. Evo only does mail directly</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">but first I should ship a tarball, then I can import it into GNOME</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, cool</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;vibs&gt;</span> <span class="text">Hii All, </span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #488888">&lt;vibs&gt;</span> <span class="text">past month I was as on downstream issues and maintaining groupwise upstream.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, btw jpunit1 got freebusy working with ews recently..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">cool</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">vibs, thanks!!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, there are plans to get smart card authentication for ews</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">i hope it will get done once we get a working setup for the same..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">using ssl certificates?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">so requiring ssl client cert support in libsoup?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">we were looking at that; ActiveSync wants it too.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">Mandy had patches I think</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, i guess we already have a patch for libsoup downstream</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">in sled</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">hm, really?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">would be interesting to see that.</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">it needs to be merged to libsoup and evolution-exchange. then ported for ews as well..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text"><a href="https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=334021">https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=334021</a></span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, varadhan has the exact details and might start working soon..</span></p>
<p class="action">* chen checks the bug..</p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, will point this to varadhan,</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">he could use this bug to upstream the patch..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">cool</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text"><a href="https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=253574">https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=253574</a> , <a href="https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=334021">https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=334021</a> bugs which chen was referring with respect to smart card</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">ah, one bug is already out :P</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">we should presumably be using gnome-keyring for the key management, including the smart cards</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">oh interesting to see my update there :D</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">chen: :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, that's actually varadhan's patch :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">hah</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #4b904b">&lt;dwmw2&gt;</span> <span class="text">at <a href="https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=334021#c20">https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=334021#c20</a> ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">need to see if he has updated it, will check it and get it upstreamed</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, have no idea about that..</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">dwmw2, will point them to varadhan later and get it going :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">anything else from anyone before we wind up the meeting ?</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">Lets then meet next month with Evolution 3.4 on the way!!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #407a40">&lt;chen&gt;</span> <span class="text">thanks everyone!!</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">solid 3.4 :)</span></p>
<p class="comment"><span class="nick" style="color: #818144">&lt;lakhil&gt;</span> <span class="text">bye</span></p>
</div>

<div class="generatedby">
<p>Logged by <a href="mailto:mbarnes@redhat.com">Matthew Barnes</a> (mbarnes)</p>
<p>Generated by irclog2html.py 2.5 by <a href="mailto:marius@pov.lt">Marius Gedminas</a>
 - find it at <a href="http://mg.pov.lt/irclog2html/">mg.pov.lt</a>!</p>
</div>

<!--#include virtual="../foot.shtml"-->

