May 16 11:34:36 <chen>	Lets get started!!
May 16 11:34:48 <chen>	To start with project updates,
May 16 11:35:07 <chen>	we had the last scheduled stable release 3.4.2 out this monday may-14th,
May 16 11:35:26 <chen>	and we have the next upcoming unstable release 3.5.2 coming this june 04
May 16 11:35:58 <chen>	mcrha has published the draft for EBackendOfflineCache at http://mail.gnome.org/archives/evolution-hackers/2012-May/msg00006.html 
May 16 11:36:19 <chen>	and i guess we could get some free hands on it..
May 16 11:36:39 <chen>	We now have the imapx provider subclassable
May 16 11:36:50 <xtian>	\o/
May 16 11:37:05 <chen>	its also possible to setup a groupwise account which can receive mails in imapx and send via soap..
May 16 11:37:20 <chen>	the same feature could be extended to Exchange as well with,
May 16 11:37:42 <chen>	mails being received through imapx and using ews for other features if that servers better for someone with small effort
May 16 11:38:01 <chen>	thats the summary of the project updates
May 16 11:38:10 <chen>	anything to be discussed from anyone ?
May 16 11:38:20 <mcrha>	I recall dwmw2_gone talking justr abut the opposite, to use ews for reading and smtp for sending
May 16 11:38:32 <dwmw2_gone>	channel go blue
May 16 11:38:51 <chen>	mcrha, ah, that should be easy :)
May 16 11:38:52 <dwmw2_gone>	yeah, sending via smtp would be nice sometimes.
May 16 11:39:05 <dwmw2_gone>	especially because exchange is broken and doesn't allow 'forward as redirect'
May 16 11:39:16 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, it can be done in a days time
May 16 11:39:20 <dwmw2_gone>	shiny
May 16 11:39:34 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, will get it done over the next week
May 16 11:39:41 <dwmw2_gone>	mcrha: thanks for the reminder about activesync. I'll try to make sure it gets done this week
May 16 11:39:50 <mcrha>	dwmw2_gone, thanks a lot
May 16 11:40:06 <chen>	anything else before we move with individual updates.. ?
May 16 11:40:12 <mcrha>	chen, if you want a little bit about the EBackendOfflineCache
May 16 11:40:25 <chen>	mcrha, sure, that would be nice, go on.. 
May 16 11:40:50 <mcrha>	nothing much specific, just that as you all may know it had been aimed for a GSoC student, but we didn't attract any, somehow
May 16 11:41:06 <mcrha>	thus the "project" is stuck on man-power currently
May 16 11:41:26 <chen>	mcrha, is there still time to accept applications from students ?
May 16 11:41:29 <mcrha>	if I recall correctly then the initial draft covers also need for kolab, as I discussed with xtian 
May 16 11:41:45 <chen>	mcrha, ok
May 16 11:41:47 <mcrha>	chen, I'm not sure, I left the paper work for Philip
May 16 11:42:13 <chen>	mcrha, ok, we can just discuss and look for options offline
May 16 11:42:15 *	xtian should be able to spend some time on the api draft, checking it more deeply
May 16 11:42:22 <mcrha>	the core thing might be pretty simple, as most of the bits are part of the SQLite DB Summary for address book
May 16 11:42:38 <mcrha>	but the rest will be harder
May 16 11:42:55 <chen>	mcrha, understand
May 16 11:43:06 <mcrha>	Philip also told that he's quite busy currently, but maybe later he'll find some time (I think a mid of June or July)
May 16 11:43:28 <mcrha>	so maybe we'll get this for 3.6.0
May 16 11:43:31 <mcrha>	who knows..
May 16 11:43:45 <chen>	mcrha, oh ok
May 16 11:43:49 <mcrha>	(and that's all, folks)
May 16 11:44:03 <chen>	Btw on an another not w.r.t  e-mail-factory,
May 16 11:44:06 <chen>	mailer on eds,
May 16 11:44:19 <chen>	had a small conversation with srini on a parallel phone call,
May 16 11:44:48 <chen>	he is looking forward to get it in before the api/abi freeze commences,
May 16 11:45:07 <chen>	he is also looking forward for the eclient apis for mailer
May 16 11:45:41 <mcrha>	"looking forward" in a sense of "will have hopefully done"?
May 16 11:45:48 <chen>	thats the tentative update we have now, will poke him for some more details later which could be shared on e-h list
May 16 11:46:14 <chen>	mcrha, i think 'hopefully done' :)
May 16 11:46:30 <mbarnes>	I think "just before api/abi freeze commences" is too late in the cycle for something like that
May 16 11:46:37 <mcrha>	ok, makes sense (quite some work to be done) :)
May 16 11:46:44 <mbarnes>	that really needs to land in a .1 or .2 release
May 16 11:47:06 <chen>	mbarnes, .2 seems improbable from what i understood from the discussion
May 16 11:47:19 <chen>	mbarnes, it would be more clear once he details it out on e-h list
May 16 11:47:19 <mbarnes>	I'd kick it out to 3.7.1 then
May 16 11:47:35 <chen>	mbarnes, yeah maybe
May 16 11:47:52 <chen>	starting with individual updates,
May 16 11:48:03 *	mcrha agrees with mbarnes, it'll be a huge change, and there is one planned for 3.6 alrady
May 16 11:48:21 <chen>	updates from myside, worked a bit on imapx and some bug fixes,
May 16 11:48:49 <chen>	looking forward to start off with EClientStore apis which i had left back after providing and concluding on a draft api set
May 16 11:49:08 <chen>	mcrha, yeah i agree too
May 16 11:49:14 <chen>	andre_, anything to share?
May 16 11:49:21 <chen>	dvratil, updates?
May 16 11:49:25 <dvratil>	I'm working on refactoring the mail formatter (again :-)). We made quite cool, more OOP-oriented design with mcrha. As result the formatter will be less-hardwired, extensible (!), more flexible, it will allow even more asynchronous mail rendering and some more cool stuff (and hopefully it won't break anything). As part of it, I converted some formatter-related plugins to modules. We'll review it tomorrow with Milan and hopefully it will 
May 16 11:49:27 <dvratil>	be ready on Friday or early next week. Then I'll do some more bugfixing and will start the composer-webkit sprint.
May 16 11:49:59 <chen>	mcrha, that sounds really cool :)
May 16 11:50:07 <chen>	dvratil, ^^
May 16 11:50:10 <chen>	dvratil, thanks!!
May 16 11:50:12 *	andre_ has nothing to share
May 16 11:50:14 <chen>	dwmw2_gone, anything to share?
May 16 11:50:21 <chen>	jpunit1, updates?
May 16 11:50:44 <mcrha>	chen, mbarnes, we only miss configuration bindings for modules, and a way to disable them, like plugins can be.
May 16 11:51:27 <chen>	mcrha, cool!
May 16 11:51:36 <chen>	kov, anything to share?
May 16 11:51:40 <mbarnes>	modules aren't meant to be disabled.  that's the whole point of them not being EPlugins
May 16 11:51:41 <chen>	mbarnes, updates?
May 16 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	the finish line for the account-mgmt branch is approaching fast
May 16 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	evolution itself is done, and now I'm working through evolution-ews
May 16 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	I think once I finish evo-ews and evo-mapi I'll have a good idea of how to handle groupware accounts in general
May 16 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	I was wondering if there would be objections to my merging the branch at that point
May 16 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	and I'll finish the other groupware modules directly on master so we can get going on testing this bad boy
May 16 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	I don't think it's a big deal if a couple groupware modules miss the next point release while I work on them
May 16 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	and I know no one here is gonna test the branch until it's merged since we're all too busy
May 16 11:51:44 <mbarnes>	but what do you guys think?
May 16 11:52:34 <chen>	mbarnes, i can offer testing help
May 16 11:52:53 *	mcrha searches for schedule page
May 16 11:52:55 <chen>	mbarnes, what is timeline ur looking to merge ?
May 16 11:53:13 <mbarnes>	if I'm ready in time I'd like to merge just AFTER the 3.5.2 release, or else asap thereafter
May 16 11:53:36 <xtian>	mbarnes: as far as eko (evolution-kolab) goes, hope i'll have it ready for 3.5 by the time you merge
May 16 11:53:38 <mcrha>	Jun 04 for 3.5.2
May 16 11:54:04 <chen>	mbarnes, if the work over the groupware modules is manageable, i would say go for it..
May 16 11:54:16 <mcrha>	mbarnes, I would say, if you've ews done, and you'll promise to do the other core groupware parts, then you can commit just after ews.
May 16 11:54:33 <chen>	mbarnes, i hope it wont break the groupware accounts, that would make it unusable ?
May 16 11:54:48 <chen>	mcrha, that's a nice idea
May 16 11:55:22 <chen>	mcrha, updates?
May 16 11:55:23 <mcrha>	xtian, maybe wait when it's merged, as it is otherwise a double rewrite ;)
May 16 11:55:38 <jpunit1>	nothing much.. submitted folder size patch for ews.. and some internal work..
May 16 11:55:46 <mbarnes>	chen: they would be unbuildable until I fix them
May 16 11:55:50 <chen>	jpunit1, cool, thanks
May 16 11:56:10 <chen>	mbarnes, how about mcrha's idea ?
May 16 11:56:11 <mcrha>	I think I was just on bugs, nothing large being done by myself (I only guide Dan a little)
May 16 11:56:22 <chen>	mcrha, thanks!!
May 16 11:56:27 <chen>	vibs, updates?
May 16 11:57:02 <vibs>	I just finished change password feature for EWS connector. And other bug fixes for downstream.
May 16 11:57:03 <chen>	xtian, updates?
May 16 11:57:14 <xtian>	eko still struggeling with libical memory issues. apart from that, we've branched off gnome-3-4
May 16 11:57:15 <chen>	vibs, thanks!!
May 16 11:57:39 <mbarnes>	chen: if you guys are okay with that, I should have EWS done by Jun 4 and hopefully well on my way with MAPI
May 16 11:57:39 <chen>	xtian, cool, what kind of libical memory issues?
May 16 11:57:43 <xtian>	i was thinking to port eko from 3.4.2 to 3.5.1 now
May 16 11:58:01 <mcrha>	xtian, good for the branching.
May 16 11:58:01 <xtian>	chen: memory corruption with timezones in libical0.48
May 16 11:58:11 <chen>	mbarnes, am ok with it
May 16 11:58:23 <mcrha>	mbarnes, me too
May 16 11:58:55 <mcrha>	dvratil, ^?
May 16 11:58:59 <chen>	xtian, oh ok. iirc mbarnes made some fixes w.r.t in evo. maybe u can look into evo logs
May 16 11:59:24 <mcrha>	chen, xtian made it deeper in the investigation
May 16 11:59:25 <mbarnes>	chen, mcrha: okay cool.  you guys trust me more than I trust myself  :)
May 16 11:59:27 <xtian>	chen: i'll look these up, thanks
May 16 11:59:28 <dvratil>	mbarnes, no problem :)
May 16 11:59:36 <chen>	mbarnes, :)
May 16 11:59:42 <mcrha>	xtian, didn't they do a release yet?
May 16 11:59:47 <chen>	mcrha, oh ok
May 16 12:00:01 <xtian>	mcrha: afaik not
May 16 12:00:17 <chen>	Anything else from anyone before we wind up ?
May 16 12:00:19 <mcrha>	xtian, if I recall correctly their "fix" was to enlarge some array to larger value, thus it wasn't reallocated
May 16 12:00:27 <xtian>	mcrha: so far, there's only the workaround from that one ubuntu guy
May 16 12:00:38 <xtian>	mcrha: that's the one
May 16 12:00:44 <mcrha>	xtian, hrm, bad
May 16 12:01:02 <mcrha>	the 0.48 is not a nice release, this is the second issue I know of
May 16 12:01:19 <xtian>	mcrha: iirc, the upstream guys were mumbling something of a hosed memory management, in need of a rewrite
May 16 12:01:38 <mcrha>	xtian, ...couple years ago ;)
May 16 12:01:39 <xtian>	bigger issue
May 16 12:01:49 <chen>	mcrha, :)
May 16 12:02:04 <xtian>	hehe
May 16 12:02:17 <chen>	Thanks everyone and lets catch up next month with more updates!!
May 16 12:02:26 <xtian>	thanks chen 
May 16 12:02:30 <mcrha>	...and with new evo
May 16 12:02:35 <chen>	mcrha, yeah!!

